You're asking me why? I did it 'cause I was bored.
Is it really necessary to send that email? The more emails you send, the more work others will have to do to prioritise your requests. How many of the things you're mentioning are important? If you have 10 issues to discuss, break them into two groups and focus on the most important group.
To me our relationship makes perfect sense. You want me to propose to you, I propose to you. You say no, I say fine, I never wanna see you again. You drive me nuts telling me you want me to propose again, I do, you turn me down. Next thing I know I'm in a court of law where I've got to propose to you or go to jail. It's the classic American love storey.
Now you might ask yourself, if by yourself you mean me, "Stephen, if you don't like books, why did you write one?" You just asked yourself a trick question. I didn't write it. I dictated it. I shouted it into a tape recorder over the Columbus Day weekend, then handed it to my agent and said, "Sell this."
I feel like a mouth facilitating the language constructed by the mind of depression; a vocal confirmation that I have diluted my ambition to accommodate my aggression.
Hello, Springfield. Sorry to divert your attention from all the big noises and shiny things. But something's been troubling me lately: television! Wouldn't our lives be so much richer if television were done away with?
There are men who possess a peculiarly strong visual memory, sharpness and accuracy of eye, presence of mind, dexterity of hand, and above all a subtle sense of touch, who are as it were born into God's world for the sole and special purpose of becoming distinguished card-sharpers.
You see, I feel sorrier for you than I do for him. Because you'll never know the things that love can drive a man to. The ecstasies, the miseries. The broken rules. The desperate chances. The glorious failures and the glorious victories. All of these things you'll never know simply because the word "love" isn't written into your book.
I can fly like an eagle and strike like a hawk.
If I can't even manage a polite smile, I'll be in trouble in the real world.
She sits in a corner by the door. There must be more I can tell her if she really wants me to help her. I'll do what I can to show her the way, and maybe one day I will free her, though I know no one can see her.
So the speech was disturbing, the food was inedible, and the gift bags pretty frightening. And when Gob found out that he wasn't going to get any tips, the service got worse. Oh and that old racist woman choked on Buster's thumb. All in all it was one of the Bluths' better parties.
This planet has, or rather had, a problem, which was this: most of the people on it were unhappy for pretty much of the time. Many solutions were suggested for this problem, but most of these were largely concerned with the movements of small green pieces of paper, which is odd because on the whole it wasn't the small green pieces of paper that were unhappy.
These people who stand against me, may be innocent humans but I will kill them. I'm ready to strike them down without a moment's hesitation or the slightest hint of regret. I can do this for you. I'm a monster and I will do what needs to be done but what will you do Sir Integra? My guns are prepared for battle, my sights are trained, my magazine is fully loaded; I pull the slide and remove the safety. Everything is ready and waiting - still you must be the one to pull the trigger. So what will you do? I'm waiting for orders my master Sir Integra Fairbrook Wingate's Hellsing.
We sailed up to the sun, till we found the sea of green and we lived beneath the waves in our yellow submarine.
This transmogrifier will turn you into anything at all. All you do is set this indicator, and the machine automatically restructures your chemical configuration. You can be an eel, a baboon, a giant bug, or a dinosaur.
My friend, I shall be pedagogic, and say you ought to start with Logic. Days will be spent to let you know that what you once did at one blow, like eating and drinking so easy and free, can only be done with One, Two, Three.
What is the answer? In that case, what is the question?
They can only see the mere show, and never can tell what it really means.
Anyway, like I was saying, shrimp is the fruit of the sea. You can barbecue it, boil it, broil it, bake it, saute it. There's shrimp-kabobs, shrimp creole, shrimp gumbo. Pan fried, deep fried, stir-fried.
It appears that the devastation we brought upon ourselves was complete; Heaven, Hell and Purgatory were atomised as well. So when a soul leaves the body it has nowhere to go, and must remain here, in the Metro. A harsh, but not undeserved atonement for our sins, wouldn't you agree?
It's a sunny, woodsy day in Lumberton, so get those chainsaws out. This is the mighty WOOD - the musical voice of Lumberton. At the sound of the falling tree, it's 9:30. There's a whole lotta wood waiting out there, so let's get going.
There comes a point when you just love someone. Not because they're good, or bad, or anything really. You just love them. It doesn't mean you'll be together forever. It doesn't mean you won't hurt each other. It just mean you love them. Sometimes in spite of who they are, and sometimes because of who they are. And you know that they love you, sometimes because of who you are, and sometimes in spite of it.
I find chemistry to be magical. I find it an adventure, an exploration into the physical building blocks of our universe.
You have brains in your head. You have feet in your shoes. You can steer yourself any direction you choose. You're on your own. And you know what you know. And YOU are the one who'll decide where to go.
But for to telle yow al hir beautee, it lyth nat in my tonge, n'yn my konnyng; I dar nat undertake so heigh a thyng. Myn Englissh eek is insufficient. It moste been a rethor excellent that koude his colours longynge for that art, if he sholde hire discryven every part. I am noon swich, I moot speke as I kan.
Carry on my wayward son. There'll be peace when you are done. Lay your weary head to rest. Don't you cry no more.
I must confess, I've made a mess of what should be a small success. But I digress, at least I've tried my very best, I guess.
Clinging to a shaky line, insecure about what I will see. Mounting the unstable peak, it's overwhelming me. I am stuck on mountains - mountains of doubt. I am stuck on mountains - mountains of apathy.
We often believe the more we practise a skill or technique - over and over again, many times - the better we'll get. This is not necessarily true. In fact, every time you practise a technique incorrectly, you're increasing your chances of doing it wrong again. It's easy to become very experienced at repeating the same mistakes. Practise doesn't make perfect; only perfect practise makes perfect.
What should have been swift revenge turned into an all out war. The City of God was divided. You couldn't go from one section to the other, not even to visit a relative. The cops considered anyone living in the slum a hoodlum. People got used to living in Vietnam, and more and more volunteers signed up to die.
As a kid, I always assumed the know-it-alls on Jeopardy! were obviously the smartest people in America. If you were smart, that's how you showed it: by knowing all your state flowers and kings of Saxony. But what if Rob's right and that's a different, much shallower kind of intelligence? Is my mountain of flash cards all for nought?
One thing is for certain, there is no stopping them; the ants will soon be here. And I, for one, welcome our new insect overlords.
Punishment and negative reinforcement are opposites. Punishment is when something bad happens to you because of something you did; negative reinforcement is when something bad stops happening to you, or doesn't start happening to you in the first place, because of something you did. Punishment is bad, and negative reinforcement is good.
Well, the real reason that you've been sent over here is because they wanted you to be evaluated... to determine whether or not you are mentally ill. This is the real reason. Why do you think they might think that?
She said, "I watched my house catch fire and I didn't feel a thing." Well darling, congratulations; I wish I had that sort of inner peace. I'm digging into catacombs built beneath this frame I call a body and expectations diminish as I uncovered there's nothing underneath hiding.
Learning isn't a way of reaching one's potential but rather a way of developing it.
No matter what the world is, the god of that world creates the rules. In truth, you have been defeated by the rules I created. And as punishment for defying the God of the new world, you will die...
By that point, entire sectors of my cerebral cortex seemed to have shut down altogether. Dizzy, fearing that I would black out, I was frantic to reach the South Summit, where my third bottle was waiting.
What good's a reward if you ain't around to use it? Besides, attacking that battle station ain't my idaea of courage. It's more like... suicide.
Barry, time is an extremely fragile construct. Any deviation, no matter how small, could result in a cataclysm. Now here's what you're going to do: Everything you did before, every word you uttered, every step you took, you're going to do again. And you're not going to tell anyone this happened.
According to the data in their networks the ring has some kind of deep religious significance. If I'm analysing this correctly they believe that Halo is some kind of weapon - one with vast, unimaginable power.
Mom, I know your intentions are good but aren't the police the protective force that maintains the status quo for the wealthy elite? Don't you think we ought to attack the roots of social problems instead of jamming people into overcrowded prisons?
And he told us of his life in the land of submarines.
The road is long with many a winding turn that leads us to who knows where. But I'm strong, strong enough to carry him. He ain't heavy, he's my brother.
Quality humour doesn't just deliver one gag and then tax the audience's patience developing a new setup. Once you've got the audience laughing or on a roll, it's better to stay with toppers - a series of punch lines, each related to the previous one.
To be a poet is to have a soul so quick to discern, that no shade of quality escapes it, and so quick to feel, that discernment is but a hand playing with finely-ordered variety on the chords of emotion - a soul in which knowledge passes instantaneously into feeling, and feeling flashes back as a new organ of knowledge.
The Western States nervous under the beginning change. Texas and Oklahoma, Kansas and Arkansas, New Mexico, Arizona, California. A single family moved from the land. Pa borrowed money from the bank, and now the bank wants the land. The land company - that's the bank when it has land - wants tractors, not families on the land.
I don't know. Well, things are just never the way they seem, Arletta, you know that. A man's just gotta go his own way.
And certainly, the mistakes that we male and female mortals make when we have our own way might fairly raise some wonder that we are so fond of it.
Les, there are two kinds of women in this world: there are women who work hard and stress out about doing the right thing, and then there are women who are cool. You could either be a Cleopatra, or you could be an Eleanor Roosevelt. I'd rather be Cleopatra.
Father snores as his wife gets into her dressing gown, picks up the letter that's lying there. Standing alone at the top of the stairs, she breaks down and cries to her husband.
I leave Sisyphus at the foot of the mountain! One always finds one's burden again. But Sisyphus teaches the higher fidelity that negates the gods and raises rocks. He too concludes that all is well. This universe henceforth without a master seems to him neither sterile nor futile. Each atom of that stone, each mineral flake of that night-filled mountain, in itself forms a world. The struggle itself toward the heights is enough to fill a man's heart. One must imagine Sisyphus happy.
One, don't pick up the phone. You know he's only calling 'cause he's drunk and alone. Two, don't let him in. You have to kick him out again. Three, don't be his friend. You know you're gonna wake up in his bed in the morning, and if you're under him, you ain't getting over him.
Dad, I may not be the best but I come to believe that I got it in me to be somebody in this world. And it's not because I'm so different from you either; it's because I'm the same. I mean I can be just as hard-headed and just as tough. I only hope I can be as good a man as you. Sure, Wernher von Braun is a great scientist but he isn't my hero.
Getting thrown out of baseball was like having part of me amputated. I've heard that old men wake up and scratch itchy legs that been dust for over fifty years. That was me. I'd wake up at night with the smell of the ballpark in my nose, the cool of the grass on my feet... The thrill of the grass.
So I was sitting in my cubicle today, and I realised, ever since I started working, every single day of my life has been worse than the day before it. So that means that every single day that you see me, that's on the worst day of my life.
And I will strike down upon thee with great vengeance and furious anger those who would attempt to poison and destroy my brothers. And you will know my name is the Lord when I lay my vengeance upon thee.
When I'm alone I dream of the horizon and words fail me. There is no light in a room where there is no sun and there is no sun if you're not here with me. From every window unfurls my heart, the heart that you have won. Into me you've poured the light, the light that you found by the side of the road.
And Aunt Zelda all the women looked like you and Uncle Bob all the cows looked like you and Ernie there were cavemen that looked like you and there were all these nerdy little kids like you Billy and there were monsters and stupid-looking things and animals could talk and some of it was confusing and... and... and... Oh, wow! There's no place like home!
I'm not a big fat panda. I'm THE big fat panda.
For most people, the ringing of a phone was a welcome sign. Someone was trying to reach them, to say hello, ask about their well-being, or make plans. For me, it triggered fear, intense anxiety, and heart-stopping panic.
The development of a living body of literature became indicative of an advanced culture and are always correlated with advances in science, philosophy, theology, and art. Unfortunately the loss of many libraries, such as the Great Library of Alexandria in a civil war in the 3rd century AD, also heralded the loss of many of these irreplaceable texts.
Last week, Japanese scientists explaced... placed explosive detonators at the bottom of Lake Loch Ness to blow Nessie out of the water. Sir Court Godfrey of the Nessie Alliance summoned the help of Scotland's local wizards to cast a protective spell over the lake and its local residents and all those who seek for the peaceful existence of our underwater ally.
Richter: Die monster. You don't belong in this world! Dracula: It was not by my hand that I am once again given flesh. I was called here by humans, who wish to pay me tribute. Richter: Tribute? You steal men's souls, and make them your slaves. Dracula: Perhaps the same could be said of all religions.
When I think of Butts, I imagine the ancients in India deciding that the knight should move two squares over and one up or one up and two over. I think of the Greeks or Egyptians determining what to do when a black backgammon chip landed on a space occupied by a white one.
The chemistry of an element is determined by the manner in which its electrons are arranged in the atom. Such arrangements are the basis of the modern periodic classification of the elements: the Periodic Table.
The goal of the true seeker is to become a sage, or superior man. There are certain immutable laws of the universe, which the sage must be in harmony with. Different Ninja sects espouse some laws in particular, according them greater significance than the others. But each law is essential in its own right, and must be considered equal to the rest.
Think of what you're saying, you can get it wrong and still you think that it's alright. Think of what I'm saying, we can work it out and get it straight or say good night.
There's two Michael Townleys living in LS. One is 83 and the other is in kindergarten. I asked the teacher to put him on the phone just to be safe. She threatened to call the cops.
Late in the afternoon of a day in the early part of last December I had ridden out from our lines in Ladysmith towards a certain position usually occupied by a Boer outpost, trusting by my going out deliberately and unarmed to get one of the men there to have a talk, just as one of the Lancers had a few days previously. For some time we had been on short rations of "copy" as well as food. I rode along the edge of an empty spruit, into the bed of which my spurs would have propelled my horse in the unlikely event of a shot being my first greeting.
There are some fights you just can't win. A force can be so overwhelming that no tactical approach in a fight is going to lead to a victory worth having. When you can't win in a fight, sometimes you have to settle for making sure that if you lose, everyone loses. It works for nuclear weapons, it works for me.
All I have to do is divine from what I know of you: are you the sort of man who would put the poison into his own goblet or his enemy's? Now, a clever man would put the poison into his own goblet, because he would know that only a great fool would reach for what he was given. I am not a great fool, so I can clearly not choose the wine in front of you. But you must have known I was not a great fool, you would have counted on it, so I can clearly not choose the wine in front of me.
I can tell you my love for you will still be strong, after the boys of summer have gone.
What is finished is the idaea that this great country is dedicated to the freedom and flourishing of every individual in it. It's the individual that's finished. It's the single, solitary human being that's finished. It's every single one of you out there that's finished, because this is no longer a nation of independent individuals.
Both ways set out from the senses and particulars, and rest in the highest generalities; but the difference between them is infinite. For the one just glances at experiment and particulars in passing, the other dwells duly and orderly among them. The one, again, begins at once by establishing certain abstract and useless generalities, the other rises by gradual steps to that which is prior and better known in the order of nature.
The unknown future rolls toward us. I face it for the first time with a sense of hope, because if a machine, a Terminator, can learn the value of human life, maybe we can, too.
Whenever you watch the mind, you withdraw consciousness from mind forms, and it then becomes what we call the watcher or the witness. When consciousness frees itself from identification with physical and mental forms, it becomes what we may call pure or enlightened consciousness, or presence.
The place where you now stand was the Golden Land, but evil power turned it into the Dark World. The wizard has broken the wise men's seal and opened a gate to link the worlds at Hyrule Castle. In order to save this half of the world, the Light World, you must win back the Golden Power. You must also rescue the seven maidens who Agahnim sent to the Dark World. As members of the blood-line of the seven wise men, they have power that will surely help you. The maidens are locked in hidden dungeons full of evil creatures and dangerous traps. The Palace of Darkness should be your first goal in this world! Link, I can rely on only you. Please make this old man's wishes come true. I beg you!
From the time I was really little - maybe just a few months old - words were like sweet, liquid gifts, and I drank them like lemonade. I could almost taste them. They made my jumbled thoughts and feelings have substance. My parents have always blanketed me with conversation. They chattered and babbled. They verbalised and vocalised. My father sang to me. My mother whispered her strength into my ear.
Say, go through the darkest of days. Heaven's a heartbreak away. Never let you go, never let me down. Oh, it's been a hell of a ride driving the edge of a knife.
When things are going well with sales, profits, shareholder value, and management, discussion of this separation - so inimical to the basic tenets of capitalism - is muted. It creates little static.
Life is to be lived, not controlled; and humanity is won by continuing to play in face of certain defeat.
Well we've never done a day's work in our life and our records sell in zillions. It irrigates my heart with greed to know that you adore me. Up yours, up mine, but up everybody's that takes time. But we're working on it. Working on it.
Life is a comedy for those who think and a tragedy for those who feel.
How gullible are you? Is your gullibility located in some "gullibility centre" in your brain? Could a neurosurgeon reach in and perform some delicate operation to lower your gullibility, otherwise leaving you alone? If you believe this, you are pretty gullible, and should perhaps consider such an operation.
Not long after World War II, the stormy public debate over rural poverty and the human impact of agricultural change tapered off in each nation. As conservatives silenced dissenting voices by means of force or compromise, it would be concerns of productivity - not inequality - that dominated the next generation of rural policy making.
We feel that to reveal embarrassing or private things, we have given someone something, that, like a primitive person fearing that a photographer will steal his soul, we identify our secrets, our past and their blotches, with our identity, that revealing our habits or losses or deeds somehow makes one less of oneself.
Did you think I was a city big enough for a weekend getaway? I am the town surrounding it - the one you've never heard of but always pass through. There are no neon lights here, no skyscrapers or statues. But there is thunder. For I make bridges tremble. I am not street meat, I am homemade jam - thick enough to cut the sweetest thing your lips will touch.
If memories could be canned, would they also have expiry dates? If so, I hope they last for centuries.
Say not a word in death's favour; I would rather be a paid servant in a poor man's house and be above ground than king of kings among the dead.
You ask Raymond what he does for a living and he says, "I breathe and walk and when I'm told to sit I sit and when I'm told to leave I leave and return home to luxuriate and think how much I despise them." He implies there is a correlation between his daily work and the drawings, which leads people to believe he is some type of an architect, but you suspect there is no place for him with even the most incompetent firm.
I mean, he's got a corporate secrecy agreement - give me a break! I mean, this is a public health issue! Like an unsafe airframe on a passenger jet or some company dumping cyanide into the East River, issues like that! He can talk, we can air it! They've got no right to hide behind a "corporate agreement"! Pass the milk.
My name is Turkish. Funny name for an Englishman, I know. My parents to be were on the same plane when it crashed. That's how they met. They named me after the name of the plane. Not many people are named after a plane crash. That's Tommy. He tells people he was named after a gun, but I know he was really named after a famous 19th century ballet dancer.
I have half a mind to make you hurt, to make you bleed, to make you suffer. I swear, if you've touched her - oh, heaven, forgive what I would do to you, you monster. And think about your children? They'll never believe what you've done.
It is not difficult to wield a sword in one hand; the way to learn this is to train with two long swords, one in each hand. It will seem difficult at first, but everything is difficult at first.
Goodbye to you my trusted friend, we've known each other since we were nine or ten. Together we've climbed hills and trees, learnt of love and ABCs. Skinned our hearts and skinned our knees. Goodbye my friend, it's hard to die when all the birds are singing in the sky. Now that spring is in the air, pretty girls are everywhere. Think of me and I'll be there.
They're talking about things of which they don't have the slightest understanding, anyway. It's only because of their stupidity that they're able to be so sure of themselves.
On a manual typewriter, strike the key with a nice sharp stroke - not a hard stroke, but a fast one. The sound should be sharp and quick. If you are pushing your keys rather than striking them, the sound will be mushy.
Scanning... Just dust and echoes. We're all that's left. We did what we had to do - for Earth. An entire Covenant armada obliterated and the Flood. We had no choice. Halo - it's finished.
It's just that I learnt a while ago that the best way to get people to like you is not to like them too much.
It was Silver's voice, and before I had heard a dozen words, I would not have shown myself for all the world. I lay there, trembling and listening, in the extreme of fear and curiosity, for, in those dozen words, I understood that the lives of all the honest men aboard depended on me alone.
If no one is around you, say I love you if you ain't runnin' game.
Think you're escaping and run into yourself. Longest way round is the shortest way home.
He smiled understandingly - much more than understandingly. It was one of those rare smiles with a quality of eternal reassurance in it, that you may come across four or five times in life. It faced - or seemed to face - the whole eternal world for an instant, and then concentrated on you with an irresistible prejudice in your favour.
Yes, ma'am. I've killed Doyle Hargraves with a lawnmower blade. Yes, ma'am, I'm right sure of it. I hit him two good whacks in the head with it. That second one just plum near cut his head in two... It's a lil' ol' white house on the corner of Vine Street and some other street. There's a pick-up truck out front that says "Doyle Hargraves Construction" on it. Doyle said besides sending the police, you might wanna send an ambulance or a "hearst". I'll be sitting here, waiting on ye.
I had neither kith nor kin in England, and was therefore as free as air - or as free as an income of eleven shillings and sixpence a day will permit a man to be. Under such circumstances I naturally gravitated to London, that great cesspool into which all the loungers and idlers of the Empire are irresistibly drained.
The less you do with the controls, the less chance of error. Steer, shift, and use the pedals smoothly, and with finesse - not with blinding speed and brute force. The slower you move, the faster the car moves.
It's your standard felony complaint 155-34. It ought to get me about 1 to 5. With good behaviour I should back on the streets in '77. A little more resentful towards society. With a little less faith in the capacity of human beings to forgive.
Bypasses are devices that allow some people to dash from point A to point B very fast while other people dash from point B to point A very fast. People living at point C, being a point directly in between, are often given to wonder what's so great about point A that so many people from point B are so keen to get there, and what's so great about point B that so many people from point A are so keen to get there. They often wish that people would just once and for all work out where the hell they wanted to be.
I think you're a lonely person. I see all these phones and all this stuff on your desk. It means nothing.
And so with the sunshine and the great bursts of leaves growing on the trees, just as things grow in fast movies, I had that familiar conviction that life was beginning over again with the summer.
OK, let me get something straight: this is a journal, not a diary. I know what it says on the cover, but when Mom went out to buy this thing I specifically told her to get one that didn't say "diary" on it. Great. All I need is some jerk to catch me carrying this book around and get the wrong idaea.
He rolled up the completed bundle of work and slid it into the pneumatic tube. Eight minutes had gone by. He re-adjusted his spectacles on his nose, sighed, and drew the next batch of work towards him, with the scrap of paper on top of it. He flattened it out. On it was written, in a large unformed handwriting: I love you.
So what? I had my suspicions. I always did. But we're not like other people. We love each other in our own way, and we can have the life together that we want. You won't be the perfect husband? I can promise you I harboured no intention of being the perfect wife. I'll not be fixing your lamb all day, while you come home from the office, will I? I'll work. You'll work. And we'll have each other's company. We'll have each other's minds. Sounds like a better marriage than most. Because I care for you. And you care for me. And we understand one another more than anyone else ever has.
And in the world a heart of darkness, a firezone, where poets speak their hearts then bleed for it. Jara sang, his song a weapon, in the hands of love. You know his blood still cries from the ground. It runs like a river to the sea. We run like a river runs to the sea.
Gardeners know how to grow top-notch crops. They determine which plants thrive best under available conditions, plan their optimum placement, and nourish the seeds with plant food and water. Plants that receive the most attention thrive, blossoming into colourful fruits and flowers.
There is a trick for learning to type faster. That trick is to type words rather than letters.
They got an apartment with deep pile carpet and a couple of paintings from Sears. A big waterbed that they bought with the bread they had saved for a couple of years. They started to fight when the money got tight and they just didn't count on the tears.
Today's Tom Sawyer, he gets by on you. And the space he invades, he gets by on you. No, his mind is not for rent to any god or government. Always hopeful yet discontent. He knows changes aren't permanent but change is. What you say about his company is what you say about society. Catch the witness, catch the wit. Catch the spirit, catch the spit.
It's amazing how much of my life has been determined by a quarter inch piece of plastic.
Will I wake up? Is it a dream I made up? No, I guess it's reality. What will change us? Or will we mess up our only chance to connect with a dream?
The devil found a clever way to infiltrate and bring his manipulation; a slender blonde in a cocktail dress struggling through the intoxication brought on by the gifting of drinks until she was ready to pay back in the bedroom, in the search to appease the demons in her head on a sterile surface in the bathroom.
Where are those happy days, they seem so hard to find. I tried to reach for you, but you have closed your mind. Whatever happened to our love? I wish I understood. It used to be so nice, it used to be so good.
You know, they say when you talk to God it's prayer but when God talks to you it's schizophrenia.
Salvation must grow out of understanding, total understanding can follow only from total experience, and experience must be won by the laborious discipline of shaping one's absolute attention.
I was a son. A brother, like you, a younger brother, and I had an older brother who I loved. Idolised, in fact. And one day I went to him and I begged him to stand with me, and Michael... Michael turned on me. Called me a freak. A monster. And then he beat me down. All because I was different. Because I had a mind of my own.
But then he'll wonder why I haven't been married. You know what I'm gonna do? I'm gonna say that I was married. The real question is should I say that I have kids? Guys like girls that have kids right?
He's better at this than I've ever been at anything in my life. He's better at this than you'll ever be at anything. My son has a gift. He has a gift and when you acknowledge that then maybe we will have something to talk about.
I was within and without, simultaneously enchanted and repelled by the inexhaustible variety of life.
Sometimes I think the surest sign that intelligent life exists elsewhere in the universe is that none of it has tried to contact us.
I see in your eyes the same fear that would take the heart of me. A day may come when the courage of men fails, when we forsake our friends and break all bonds of fellowship, but it is not this day. An hour of woes and shattered shields, when the age of men comes crashing down! But it is not this day! This day we fight!
Hi my name is Jane. We hardly know each other, but that's about to change. Here you're going to get to know a lot about me, and maybe even more than you can imagine. This whole thing's kinda like a blind date - I mean here you are in your brand-new Corvette, running along the superinformation highway. Put your big muscular arm around me and whisper sweet things in my ear. And I'll promise to do whatever your little heart desires. BUT, only if you make the right moves. Just imagine watching me get propositioned by my sleaze bald boss. BUT, if you make the wrong moves. You could turn me into a nun. Imagine that. Me?! A nun? HA! I don't think so. But it's really all up to you. God knows what you'll do with that hot little mouse of yours. Point is: life's a game, and this game is full of life.
As if that blind rage had washed me clean, rid me of hope; for the first time, in that night alive with signs and stars, I opened myself to the gentle indifference of the world.
God help the man who ever really loves you. You'd break his heart, my darling, cruel, destructive little cat who is so careless and confident she doesn't even trouble to sheathe her claws.
When a man walks into a room, he brings his whole life with him. He has a million reasons for being anywhere. Just ask him. If you listen, he'll tell you how he got there, how he forgot where he was going - then he woke up. If you listen, he'll tell you about the time he thought he was an angel and dreamt of being perfect. And then he'll smile, with wisdom, content that he realised the world isn't perfect. We're flawed because we want so much more. We're ruined because we get these things and wish for what we had.
Spring is the time of year when it is summer in the sun and winter in the shade.
I didn't tell Mama anything. I was just about to come up and wake you so that I could tell you.
It was an effect of light: quick sunlight dappling, yellow leaves falling, a shower of gold, spangled, very fast, a falling of the bright.
We are talking about my wife and my best friend. And yes, I do trust them! You see, there's your difference between your generations right there, Archie. You've been spending the last 30 years checking under every bed for a Communist and going around thinking you're better and holier than they are with your stinkin' Puritan ethic, and what have you got to show for it?
I cannot define what I mean by 'intuition'. It is simply what makes mathematicians (or physicists, or engineers, or poets) tick. It gives them a 'feel' for the subject; with it they can see that a theorem is true, without giving a formal proof, and on the basis of their vision produce a proof that works.
I may not have been sure about what really did interest me, but I was absolutely sure about what didn't.
Sweet the rain's new fall, sunlit from heaven like the first dewfall on the first grass. Praise for the sweetness of the wet garden, sprung in completeness where his feet pass.
I've noticed that about your people, Doctor. You find it easier to understand the death of one than the death of a million. You speak about the objective hardness of the Vulcan heart yet how little room there seems to be in yours.
I've heard a lot of talk of Billy Mitchell, and I've heard a lot of talk of strange videos and things. But I haven't heard much in the way of him getting in front of a camera crew with people and getting a record in front of people. I haven't heard about that yet. Maybe he did that 25 years ago. But I haven't heard of him doing it lately, and it makes you wonder why not.
On other wavelengths there would probably be a lot still to see, but the mess-room screen was on normal light. Only the Minds, only the starships, would see the whole destruction perfectly; only they would be able to appreciate it for all that it had to offer. Of the entire range of the electromagnetic spectrum, the unaided human eye could see little more than one per cent: a single octave of radiation out of an immense long keyboard of tones.
No, get out of town. My mom thinks I'm going camping with the guys. Look, Jennifer, my mother would freak out if she knew I was going out with you and I'd get the standard lecture about how she never did that kind of stuff when she was a kid. I mean, look, I think the woman was born a nun.
Until writing was invented, man lived in an acoustic space: boundless, directionless, horizonless, in the dark of the mind, in the world of emotion, by primordial intuition, by terror. Speech is a social chart of this bog.
Me? Not at all. Remember: I'll do the talking. You sit there quietly with your most charming smile. Sjuberg's very fond of pretty girls. Breathe deeply to show off your bosom and show him your legs if he asks. Don't worry - I'll be there. If he gets fresh, I'll slug him.
In the first place, Herb's name isn't Tarlek, it's Nietzsche. He's directly related to the famous nihilist philosopher. See, he came to America to prove through the use of polyester that God is dead, and I think he's succeeded admirably, don't you?
Advertising has these people chasing cars and clothes they don't need. Generations have been working in jobs they hate, just so they can buy what they don't really need.
Overhead the albatross hangs motionless upon the air and deep beneath the rolling waves, in labyrinths of coral caves - the echo of a distant tide comes willowing across the sand, and everything is green and submarine.
She loved him not only in spite of but because he himself was incapable of love.
The place to improve the world is first in one's own heart and head and hands, and then to work outward from there. Other people can talk about how to expand the destiny of mankind. I just want to talk about how to fix a motorcycle. I think that what I have to say has more lasting value.
I was stealing saltshakers again. Ten, sometimes twelve a night, shoving them in my pockets, hiding them up my sleeves, smuggling them out of bars and diners and anywhere else I could find them. In the morning, wherever I woke up, I was always covered in salt. I was cured meat. I had become beef jerky. Even as a small, small child, I knew it would one day come to this.
Harvey and I sit in the bars... have a drink or two... play the jukebox. And soon the faces of all the other people they turn toward mine and they smile. And they're saying, "We don't know your name, mister, but you're a very nice fella."
Teddy told me that in Greek, "nostalgia" literally means the pain from an old wound. It's a twinge in your heart, far more powerful than memory alone. This device isn't a space ship, it's a time machine. It goes backwards, forwards. It takes us to a place where we ache to go again. It's not called a wheel, it's called a carousel. It lets us travel the way a child travels, round and round, and back home again, to a place where we know we are loved.
With gene therapy, we can remove those genes which we know may lead to sickness or disease, and at the same time, splice in genes with beneficial effects such as resistance to cancer for example.
You only think I guessed wrong! That's what's so funny! I switched glasses when your back was turned! Ha ha! You fool! You fell victim to one of the classic blunders - the most famous of which is "never get involved in a land war in Asia", but only slightly less well-known is this: "Never go in against a Sicilian when death is on the line"!
It's about realising that there are no problems. Only situations - to be dealt with now, or to be left alone and accepted as part of the "isness" of the present moment until they change or can be dealt with.
Saying "I love you" are not the words I want to hear from you. It's not that I want you not to say, but if you only knew how easy it would be to show me how you feel. More than words is all you have to do to make it real. Then you wouldn't have to say that you love me.
Come sail your ships around me and burn your bridges down. We make a little history, baby, every time you come around.
I'm just not the guy for you. I mean, you need a guy who's happy and perky all the time. Maybe a guy who's had part of his brain removed and he thinks he's a bunny and you can go off and be bunnies together.
Be careful you don't get too caught up in what the competition is doing. Focus on your own performance rather than on the competition.
When my son was born healthy, I never asked why. Why was I so lucky? What did I do to deserve this perfect child, this perfect life? But when he got sick, you can bet I asked why! I demanded to know why! Why was this happening?
JavaScript is very flexible about the types of values it requires. We've seen this for booleans: when JavaScript expects a boolean value, you may supply a value of any type, and JavaScript will convert it as needed. Some values ("truthy" values) convert to true and others ("falsy" values) convert to false.
How I love to watch the morn, with golden sun that shines. Up above to nicely warm these frosty toes of mine. The wind doth taste of bittersweet, like jasper wine and sugar. I bet it's blown through others' feet like those of... Caspar Weinberger.
I just have a little question here. You could be a janitor anywhere. Why did you work at the most prestigious technical college in the whole world? And why did you sneak around at night and finish other people's formulae that only one or two people in the world could do and then lie about it? 'Cause I don't see a lot of honour in that, Will.
There was but one question he left unasked, and it vibrated between his lines: if gross miscalculations of a person's value could occur on a baseball field, before a live audience of thirty thousand, and a television audience of millions more, what did that say about the measurement of performance in other lines of work? If professional baseball players could be over- or undervalued, who couldn't?
Rory, sorry to interrupt. Hi, Henry. But see, we're all standing over there trying to map out a game plan and a rehearsal schedule, and I'm sure whatever the two of you are talking about over here is so much more fascinating and important and, well, gosh, let's just say it: fun. But I'd really like to get an A on this assignment, and in order to do that I'm afraid you're gonna have to discuss your sock hops and your clambakes some other time, okay? Thanks.
Now the storey of a wealthy family who lost everything and the one son who had no choice but to keep them all together. It's Arrested Development.
I wonder if the Emperor Honorius watching the Visigoths coming over the seventh hill could truly realise that the Roman Empire was about to fall. This is really just another page of history, isn't it? Will this be the end of our civilisation? Turn the page.
For you, the day Bison graced your village, was the most important day in your life. But for me, it was Tuesday.
Property (c) is known as countable additivity. It is not something that can be proved, but it is like an assumption or an axiom. In our experience, we have seen that operating as if the assumption is correct leads to useful and credible answers to many problems, so we accept it as a reasonable assumption. Not all probabilists agree that countable additivity is natural.
First, the layer of dough bakes into bread, a low-water-content material with a large number of nonconnecting small air spaces. Second, the tomato paste dehydrates, and third, the mozzarella undergoes a complex series of transitions involving protein denaturation and lipid rearrangement from regular liquid crystal to more disordered states.
She seemed to know, to accept, to welcome her position, the citadel of the family, the strong place that could not be taken. And since old Tom and the children could not know hurt or fear unless she acknowledged hurt or fear, she had practised denying them in herself. And since, when a joyful thing happened, they looked to see whether joy was on her, it was her habit to build laughter out of inadequate materials. She seemed to know that if she swayed the family shook, and if she ever deeply wavered or despaired the family would fall.
You know, at one time I used to break into pet shops to liberate the canaries. But I decided that was an idaea way before its time. Zoos are full, prisons are overflowing... oh my, how the world still dearly loves a cage.
You fill up my senses like a night in the forest, like the mountains in springtime, like a walk in the rain, like a storm in the desert, like a sleepy blue ocean.
Come on and love me just a little bit. I'm gonna teach you how to sing it out. Come on, let me show you what it's all about.
Grandma used to give great nutritional advice: Eat your vegetables. Over the years, that simple suggestion has been replaced with a lot of complicated-sounding recommendations. Many people end up more confused than enlightened.
Every morning when he'd come to pick you up, I would look forward to it all night long in bed next to you. Those nights when you were actually in the bed. And he would ring the doorbell - I felt like my heart would come out of my chest. He would smile, and we'd talk, and then you would come down the stairs. And I felt probably like someone who was terminally ill and somehow they managed to forget it for a minute. And then it all comes back!
Human life is but a series of footnotes to a vast obscure unfinished masterpiece.
Well, I've wrestled with reality for 35 years, Doctor, and I'm happy to state I finally won out over it.
A brother who lives at home, and is still considered more successful than I am, which could be because I live in a trailer that while it may look like Jeannie's bottle is actually slightly smaller.
I've flown seven million miles. And I've been waiting on people almost 20 years. The best job I could get after my bust was Cabo Air, which is the worst job you can get in this industry. I make about sixteen thousand, with retirement benefits that ain't worth a damn. And now with this arrest hanging over my head, I'm scared. If I lose my job I gotta start all over again, but I got nothing to start over with.
Ah, merciless love, is there any length to which you cannot force the human heart to go?
You know how far I'm prepared to go. I will be a boat and row your beauty to the moon if that's okay with you. I hope you don't mind if I get lost inside your eyes. Please excuse me if I don't imply but I've just gotta let you know that.
Most sociologists and anthropologists agree on the definition and the domain of their disciplines; the same holds true for many psychologists, political scientists, and almost all economists. The same cannot be said for philosophers and philosophy. Philosophy is a difficult subject to define, which makes it difficult to show social scientists why they should care about it - the philosophy of social science in particular.
All happy families are alike; each unhappy family is unhappy in its own way.
Every minute of every day we choose. Who we are. Who we forgive. Who we defend and protect. To choose a side or to walk the line. To play the middle. To straddle the fence between what is and what should be. This was the course I chose. Trying to find the delicate balance of interests that can never exist. Choosing by not choosing. Defending a centre which cannot hold. So death chose for me.
Opponents of a "scientific" approach to the social sciences claim that much of the apparent sterility and lack of progress in these disciplines is the result of slavish attempts to force folk psychology into the mould of a scientific theory of the causes and effects of action. The social scientists and philosophers who oppose the scientific approach and those who support it agree that in certain areas the social sciences have not progressed. But the diagnosis of the former does not blame the lack of progress on the complexity of social life, the inability to undertake experiments, or the failure to find the appropriate "natural kinds."
I'm afraid I can't explain myself, sir. Because I am not myself, you see?
I don't like sand. It's coarse and rough and irritating and it gets everywhere. Not like here. Here everything is soft and smooth.
To wash down your chicken nuggets with virtually any soft drink in the supermarket is to have some corn with your corn. Since the 1980s virtually all the sodas and most of the fruit drinks sold in the supermarket have been sweetened with high-fructose corn syrup.
We mortals, men and women, devour many a disappointment between breakfast and dinner-time; keep back the tears and look a little pale about the lips, and in answer to enquiries say, "Oh, nothing!" Pride helps; and pride is not a bad thing when it only urges us to hide our hurtsâ€” not to hurt others.
Clear the lines of lint in your head one at a time and the king will be left standing alone like a guy on a street corner. Here, I'll make it easier for you.
I wanted to be a hero. I wanted to be the centre of attention. I wanted the glory. I wanted the fame. I wanted the pretty girls to come up and say, "Hi, I see that you're good at Centipede."
Let's gather 'round the carcass of the old deflated beast. We have seen it through the accolades and rested in its lea. Syntactic is our elegance, incisive our disease. The swath endogenous of ourselves will be our quandary.
When you have children, you always have family. They will always be your priority, your responsibility. And a man, a man provides. And he does it even when he's not appreciated, or respected, or even loved. He simply bears up and he does it. Because he's a man.
It's the possibility of having a dream come true that makes life interesting, he thought, as he looked again at the position of the sun, and hurried his pace.
It's so relieving to know that you're leaving as soon as you get paid. It's so relaxing to hear you're asking wherever you get your way. It's so soothing to know that you'll sue me, this is starting to sound the same. I miss the comfort in being sad.
Waldo Jeffers had reached his limit. It was now Mid-August which meant he had been separated from Marsha for more than two months. Two months, and all he had to show was three dog-eared letters and two very expensive long-distance phone calls. True, when school had ended and she'd returned to Wisconsin, and he to Locust, Pennsylvania, she had sworn to maintain a certain fidelity. She would date occasionally, but merely as amusement. She would remain faithful.
When I grow up, I'm not going to read the newspaper and I'm not going to follow complex issues and I'm not going to vote. That way I can complain that the government doesn't represent me. Then, when everything goes down the tubes, I can say the system doesn't work and justify my further lack of participation.
Look, Ross, you gotta understand, between us we haven't had a relationship that has lasted longer than a Mento. You, however have had the love of a woman for four years. Four years of closeness and sharing at the end of which she ripped your heart out, and that is why we don't do it. I don't think that was my point.
We hold our rifles in missing hands. We stand tall on missing legs. We stride forward on the bones of our fallen. Then, and only then, are we alive. This pain is ours and no one else's. A secret weapon we wield, out of sight. We will be stronger than ever.
I laugh at the whole notion of "Mr. Right" and you should too. Here's why: The concept of a perfect match, one that requires no efforts on your part, creates unreasonable expectations that force a disparity between "ideal" and "reality" that always leads to disappointment.
Dan, let me tell you something. In this envelope are all the questions that James Snodgrass was asked on Twenty One. The odd thing about this envelope is that he appeared on the show January 13th, if you recall. Yet, he somehow mailed this to himself on January 11th via registered mail.
Yes, the newspapers were right: snow was general all over Ireland. It was falling on every part of the dark central plain, on the treeless hills, falling softly upon the Bog of Allen and, farther westward, softly falling into the dark mutinous Shannon waves.
Friday night, always a good night for some Sabbath... 'cause, you know, Friday is the the Sabbath for the Jews.
There is one end of the room where it is almost intact, and there, when the crosslights fade and the low sun shines directly upon it, I can almost fancy radiation after all - the interminable grotesques seem to form around a common centre and rush off in headlong plunges of equal distraction. It makes me tyred to follow it. I will take a nap I guess.
Now did you answer cause you thought that's what I wanted to hear, or did you think about what I said and answer cause you truly believe that to be right?
A question in your nerves is lit, yet you know there is no answer fit to satisfy, ensure you not to quit. To keep it in your mind and not forget that it is not he or she or them or it that you belong to.
I'm waking up to ash and dust. I wipe my brow and I sweat my rust. I'm breathing in the chemicals. I'm breaking in, shaping up, then checking out on the prison bus. This is it, the apocalypse.
In order to face down the danger that is stalking us and move through it, we first have to recognise that we are facing a crisis. So why is it that our leaders seem not to hear such clarion warnings? Are they resisting the truth because they know that the moment they acknowledge it, they will face a moral imperative to act? Is it simply more convenient to ignore the warnings?
Susie, if you want to see your doll again, leave $100 in this envelope by the tree out front. Do not call the police. You cannot trace us. You cannot find us. Sincerely, Calvin.
The pig-run kept close to the jumble of rocks that lay down by the water on the other side and Ralph was content to follow Jack along it. If you could shut your ears to the slow suck down of the sea and boil of the return, if you could forget how dun and unvisited were the ferny coverts on either side, then there was a chance that you might put the beast out of mind and dream for a while. The sun had swung over the vertical and the afternoon heat was closing in on the island. Ralph passed a message forward to Jack and when they next came to fruit the whole party stopped and ate.
There is no good and evil, there is only power and those too weak to seek it.
He's not afraid of losing. He's afraid of losing your love. How many ballplayers grow up afraid of losing their fathers' love every time they come up to the plate?
Men always believe that. With a law degree you're taking on insurance. After that you can do anything you want. You can work for me.
I have no idaea how people function without near-constant internal chaos. I'd lose my mind.
Aw, man. You made friends with them. See, friendship is the booze they feed you. They want you to get drunk on feeling like you belong.
Fangs are very rarely mentioned in the literature; they're more or less an invention of Bram Stoker's. I think you were right before when you said this was about a guy who's watched too many Dracula movies. It's just that he happens to be a real vampire.
I'll never forget it. It was the year when these grisly murders occured in the Arklay Mountains. Soon after, the news was out to the whole world revealing that it was the fault of a secret viral experiment conducted by the international pharmaceutical enterprise, Umbrella. The virus broke out in a near by mountain community, Raccoon City. And hit the peaceful little town with a devastating blow crippling its very foundation.
How do I live without the ones I love? Time still turns the pages of the book it's burned. Place and time always on my mind. I have so much to say but you're so far away.
Anyway, I call this thing a "Gate." It's a kind of portal, that takes you to the same location in a different era. Gates are very unstable, so I used the principle behind my Telepod device...
I just told you the truth. I told you the truth the first time. You don't have to ask me again. I never do that. I always tell you the truth. If I did it, you would know. I took her out a couple of times.
For instance, a black hole as light as a small asteroid would emit about as much radiation as a million-megaton hydrogen bomb, with radiation concentrated in the gamma-ray part of the electromagnetic spectrum.
Don't you ever talk that way to me. Never! Never! What we've got here is failure to communicate. Some men you just can't reach. So you get what we had here last week - which is the way he wants it. Well, he gets it. I don't like it any more than you men.
On the sidewalk across from me, near the entrance to a barbecue joint, some people were holding an old-fashioned revival meeting. The barbecue cook, wearing a dirty white apron, his conked hair reddish and metallic in the pale sun, and a cigarette between his lips, stood in the doorway, watching them. Kids and older people paused in their errands and stood there, along with some older man and couple of very tough-looking women who watched everything that happened on the avenue, as though they owned it, or were maybe owned by it.
And I need it more than love, and I love it more than life, and I want those stars above to shine this night.
Love is a command, not just a feeling. Somehow, in the romantic world of music and theatre we have made love to be what it is not.
I know you're coming in the night like a thief, but I've had some time alone to hone my lying technique. I know you think that I'm someone you can trust, but I'm scared I'll get scared and I swear I'll try to nail you back up.
Ingratitude is amongst them a capital crime, as we read it to have been in some other countries: for they reason thus; that whoever makes ill-returns to his benefactor, must needs be a common enemy to the rest of the mankind, from where he has received no obligations and therefore such man is not fit to live.
Mathematics is a wonderful, elegant, and exceedingly useful language. It has its own vocabulary and syntax, its own verbs, nouns, and modifiers, and its own dialects and patois. It is used brilliantly by some, poorly by others. Some of us fear to pursue its more esoteric uses, while a few of us wield it like a sword to attack and conquer income tax forms or masses of data that resist the less courageous.
It was evident that he came from the world where men could still sleep and remember.
Isn't it kind of weird? It's like, there's a guy in a gorilla suit, and there's - he's got a robot head, and inside he's got kind of a bunch of clay... I mean, I've seen Dali paintings that make more sense than this movie does.
Will Mars be always in your windy tongue and in your flying feet?
He did not know how long it took, but later he looked back on this time of crying in the corner of the dark cave and thought of it as when he learnt the most important rule of survival, which was that feeling sorry for yourself didn't work. It wasn't just that it was wrong to do, or that it was considered incorrect. It was more than that - it didn't work.
A fiddler on the roof. Sounds crazy, no? But in our little village of Anatevka, every one of us is a fiddler on the roof trying to scratch out a pleasant, simple tune without breaking his neck. It isn't easy. You may ask, why do we stay here if it's so dangerous? We stay because Anatevka is our home. And how do we keep our balance? That I can tell you in one word: Tradition!
It's something turians are taught from birth. If even one person is still left standing at the end of a war, then the fight was worth it.
Yeah, that's a cultural problem is what it is. You know, your average American male is in a perpetual state of adolescence, you know, arrested development.
Things, events, that occupy space yet come to an end when someone dies make us stop in wonder.
And so we meet at last. You are to be commended for avoiding my traps. The work of a man who once had too much time on his hands, and now finds time for nothing but the work of salvation.
When Betty and Billy fell asleep, he walked down to the kitchen to see if there was anything around to eat. He managed to open the cupboard door with his nose and found the 25-pound bag of low-fart dog biscuits the vet had prescribed for him, which had made him fart more. Even though he knew they made him fart more, he couldn't resist. He ate the entire bag.
We all know people who are very bright but who do not always shine when it comes to being logical. They have the ability to think logically but that ability does not habitually manifest itself.
For the same reasons that scientific standards change within each of the natural sciences, they differ extensively between them and across the divide between natural and social sciences. Indeed the differences between standards in the natural and social sciences must be wider than the others.
That is just the way with some people. They get down on a thing when they don't know nothing about it.
Brother, I've seen all kinds of dishonesty in my day, but this little display takes the cake. Y'all come in here with your hearts bleedin' all over the floor about slum kids and injustice, you listen to some fairy tales... Suddenly, you start gettin' through to some of these old ladies. Well, you're not getting through to me, I've had enough.
Don't you ever talk about my friends. You don't know any of my friends. You don't look at any of my friends. And you certainly wouldn't condescend to speak to any of my friends. So you just stick to the things you know: shopping, nail polish, your father's BMW, and your poor, rich drunk mother in the Caribbean.
Look up here, man, I'm in danger. I've got nothing left to lose. I'm so high it makes my brain whirl. Dropped my cell phone down below. Ain't that just like me?
And it's a happy ending. Wayward husband comes to his senses, returns to his wife, with whom he has established a long and sustaining love. Heartless young woman left alone in her arctic desolation. Music up with a swell; final commercial. And here are a few scenes from next week's show.
He looked at her the way all women want to be looked at by a man.
I will sail my vessel 'til the river runs dry. Like a bird upon the wind, these waters are my sky. I'll never reach my destination if I never try.
Before he leaves the camp he stops. He scans the world outside and where there used to be some shops is where the snipers sometimes hide. He left his home the week before. He thought he'd be like the police but now he finds he is at war. Weren't we supposed to keep the peace?
You know what really hurts? Being denied the right to give up in an impossible situation. You won't let us give up and no matter what we say, you have the moral high ground. When you say we can't give up, you're not inspiring us - you're strong-arming us!
All hands on deck at dawn, sailing to sadder shores. Your port in my heavy storms, harbours the blackest thoughts.
I keep thinking I should've known it was him... That, even after all these years, a man should know his own father when he's right in front of him.
The upper class in the United States is a small, exclusive group that occupies the highest levels of status and prestige. For some, membership in the upper class is relatively recent, acquired through personal financial achievement. These families are usually headed by high-level executives in large corporations and highly compensated lawyers, doctors, scientists, entertainers, and professional athletes. Such individuals may have been born into poor, working-class, or middle-class families, but they have been able to climb the social ladder and create a comfortable life.
Ready are you? What know you of ready? For eight hundred years have I trained Jedi. My own counsel will I keep on who is to be trained. A Jedi must have the deepest commitment, the most serious mind. This one a long time have I watched. All his life has he looked away... to the future, to the horizon. Never his mind on where he was.
Neo: "Yeah, wow that sounds like a really good deal. But I think I got a better one. How about I give you the finger, and you give me my phone call." Agent Smith: "Mr. Anderson, you disappoint me." Neo: "You can't scare me with this gestapo crap, I know my rights. I want my phone call." Agent Smith: "Tell me, Mr. Anderson. What good is a phone call if you're unable to speak?"
There are times when all the world's asleep, the questions run too deep for such a simple man. Won't you please, please tell me what we've learnt? I know it sounds absurd but please tell me who I am.
He's more myself than I am. Whatever our souls are made of, his and mine are the same.
The battle for soup versus salad is raging in the other room. Come quick and settle it please, as I am running out of French curse words that they won't understand.
"I am thou... Thou art I... From the sea of thy soul, I come... Call upon my name, and release thy rage! Show the strength of thy will to ascertain all on thine own, though thou be chained to Hell itself! I am the pillager of twilight, Arsene!"
There will come a time when all of us are dead.
However, let us leave aside the philosophical, social, and economic aspects of the question. I do not wish to fatigue your attention. I must nevertheless point out that our profession very closely approaches the idaea of that which is called art. Into it enter all the elements which go to form art - vocation, inspiration, fantasy, inventiveness, ambition, and a long and arduous apprenticeship to the science.
As much money and life as you could want! The two things most human beings would choose above all - the trouble is, humans do have a knack of choosing precisely those things that are worst for them.
It was a bright cold day in April, and the clocks were striking thirteen. Winston Smith, his chin nuzzled into his breast in an effort to escape the vile wind, slipped quickly through the glass doors of Victory Mansions, though not quickly enough to prevent a swirl of gritty dust from entering along with him.
Voldemort himself created his worst enemy, just as tyrants everywhere do! Have you any idaea how much tyrants fear the people they oppress? All of them realise that, one day, amongst their many victims, there is sure to be one who rises against them and strikes back!
I don't want the money, I want something more. And I've never said that out loud but I can't pretend that's not true anymore.
Yes, they think we're dumb. They call us the common people. But I've been sitting here listening and looking and trying to understand what's so common about us.
What was the power that turned the worm into a moth? It was greater than any power the Builders had had, he was sure of that. The power that ran the city of Ember was feeble by comparison.
Don't bother trying to explain your emotions. Live everything as intensely as you can and keep whatever you felt as a gift from God. The best way to destroy the bridge between the visible and invisible is by trying to explain your emotions.
It wasnâ€™t something that I thought about, but I knew that you were absolute in doubt I just really wanna talk to you again, thatâ€™s how I know that I'ma haunt you in the end. It wasnâ€™t something â€˜til you brought it up, I knew that you were tryna make it out. Without a single scar, clawing at my arm, I saw you in his car, swear I knew it from the start.
I'm on Johnson Avenue in San Luis Obispo, and I'm five years old. Or six, maybe. Indications that there's something wrong with our new house trip down the wire twice daily.
If I ruled the world, every man would see the world was his friend. There'd be happiness that no man could end, no my friend, not if I ruled the world. Every hand would be held up high, there'd be sunshine in everyone's sky.
Most Americans do not own passports. They're not a naturally curious people. If you were to lock an American for sixty years in an empty underground bunker which contained nothing but a woolly tea cosy, the American would not even be curious enough to be tempted to see if the tea cosy would make a serviceable hat. They're far more likely to arrest the tea cosy, intern it illegally in Guantanamo Bay...
And I forgot the next verse. Oh well, I guess it pays to rehearse. The lyric sheet's so hard to find. What are the words? Oh, never mind.
Jay made up for the lack of glamour in his assignment by having a romance with a local miller's daughter, which he initiated by letting air out of her bicycle tyres. He also earned himself a promotion to lieutenant on the strength of his commonsense suggestion that the army could save lots of cargo space by deboning beef before shipping it overseas.
Marriage is so unlike everything else. There is something even awful in the nearness it brings. Even if we loved someone else better than - than those we were married to, it would be no use. I mean, marriage drinks up all our power of giving or getting any blessedness in that sort of love. I know it may be very dear, but it murders our marriage, and then the marriage stays with us like a murder, and everything else is gone.
"Well, it used to be a photocopy machine," said Melvin, "but I've made some major adjustments to it. Now it is an invention that will revolutionise the world. I call it the PATSY 2000." "It'll revolutionise the world, and you named it PATSY???" asked Harold. "Yes," said Melvin. "PATSY is an acronym for Photo-Atomic Trans-Somgobulating Yectofantriplutoniczanziptomiser."
Three shiny steel doors stand at the centre of the hallway. Bodies are everywhere. Killed as they waited for an elevator. The eerie silence is broken by a scratching sound. One of the elevator doors pops open an inch. Hands force their way out.
Some feeling had started in my stomach and was travelling up to my face, and I knew that when it got there I would turn bright red and hear the ocean, which is what happens when I get put on the spot.
My dog barks some. Mentally you picture my dog, but I have not told you the type of dog which I have. Perhaps you even picture Toto, from "The Wizard of Oz." But I warn you, my dog is always with me. Woof!
I had a friend who was a heavy drinker. If somebody asked him if he'd been drunk the night before, he would always answer off-handedly, "Oh, I imagine." I've always liked that answer. It acknowledges life as a dream.
It's our land. We were born on it, and we got killed on it, died on it. Even if it's no good, it's still ours. That's what makes ownership, not a paper with numbers on it.
Persons attempting to find a motive in this narrative will be prosecuted; persons attempting to find a moral in it will be banished; persons attempting to find a plot in it will be shot.
Despairing, Jonah trudged forward. He could see the other kids snaking along the trail ahead of him, going deeper and deeper into the woods. Jonah had managed to talk to only five of them. Even if Chip reached all the others, would they believe him? What could they do, anyhow?
Out of my thoughts! You are part of my existence, part of myself. You have been in every line I have ever read, since I first came here, the rough common boy whose poor heart you wounded even then. You have been in every prospect I have ever seen since - on the river, on the sails of the ships, on the marshes, in the clouds, in the light, in the darkness, in the wind, in the woods, in the sea, in the streets. You have been the embodiment of every graceful fancy that my mind has ever become acquainted with.
Your primary objective should be to touch-type; that is, to type without looking at your fingers.
Have I told you lately that I love you? Have I told you there's no one above you? Fill my heart with gladness, take away my sadness, ease my troubles, that's what you do.
He didn't teach you how to win, he taught you how not to lose. That's nothing to be proud of. You're playing not to lose, Josh. You've got to risk losing. You've got to risk everything. You've got to go to the edge of defeat. That's where you want to be, boy - on the edge of defeat.
It just so happens that your friend here is only mostly dead. There's a big difference between mostly dead and all dead. Mostly dead is slightly alive. With all dead, well, with all dead there's usually only one thing you can do. Go through his clothes and look for loose change.
I looked at the captain. That terrible avenger, like an archangel of hatred, still watched. When it was all over, he went to his cabin. Under his gallery of heroes I saw the portrait of a woman, still young, with two little children. He gazed on them for a time, held out his arms to them, then kneeling down he wept bitterly.
You ever get that urge, Frank? It begins with looking down from 50 storeys up, thinking about the meaninglessness of life, listening to dark voices deep inside of you, and you think, 'Should I? ... Should I? ... Should I push someone off?'
Yes, the Simpsons have come a long way since an old drunk made humans out of his rabbit characters to pay off his gambling debts. Who knows what adventures they'll have between now and the time the show becomes unprofitable?
We have a criminal jury system which is superior to any in the world and its efficiency is only marred by the difficulty of finding twelve men every day who don't know anything and can't read.
Space is big. Really big. You just won't believe how vastly hugely mindbogglingly big it is. I mean you may think it's a long way down the road to the chemist, but that's just peanuts to space.
They often wish that people would just once and for all work out where the hell they wanted to be.
There was a time not that long ago when many drivers thought nothing of tossing empty bottles out the windows of their cars. Years later, these same citizens came to realise that littering was not an acceptable way to dispose of their trash. The web design community is now undergoing a similar shift in attitude, and web standards are key to this transformation.
You have no respect for excessive authority or obsolete traditions. You're dangerous and depraved, and you ought to be taken outside and shot!
And you can fly high as a kite if you want to, faster than light if you want to, speeding through the universe. Thinking is the best way to travel.
Is this the real life? Is this just fantasy? Caught in a landslide, no escape from reality. Open your eyes, look up to the skies and see. I'm just a poor boy, I need no sympathy. Because I'm easy come, easy go, little high, little low. Any way the wind blows doesn't really matter to me.
I sing the body electric, the armies of those I love engirth me and I engirth them, they will not let me off till I go with them, respond to them, and discorrupt them, and charge them full with the charge of the soul.
I don't think it really helped me, in my love life, my nascent love life. I think that having won something like that could be regarded as being a significant liability.
I hear you're buying a synthesiser and an arpeggiator and are throwing your computer out the window because you want to make something real. You want to make a Yaz record. I hear that you and your band have sold your guitars and bought turntables. I hear that you and your band have sold your turntables and bought guitars. I hear everybody that you know is more relevant than everybody that I know.
We're not saying anything new here. We're just saying the same things that need to be said again and again with fierce conviction.
The basic concept is simple: a satellite in geosynchronous orbit is connected by cable to a stationary or mobile platform somewhere on Earth's equator. An elevator would ride up and down the cable at a fraction of present costs. Many sane and sober people believe that a space elevator will be constructed within this century.
Once more into the fray. Into the last good fight I'll ever know. Live and die on this day. Live and die on this day.
I did. I killed him. Threw him right over a rope bridge. I watched him fall. He was leading us nowhere and we would still be heading there if it weren't for me. No one loved him, no one wanted to follow him, he led us into two wars we couldn't win. I apologise to you all for not killing him years ago.
Dearly beloved, we are gathered here today in real time on Zeke and Joan's web site to capture eyeballs in a loving but scalable environment. May their sponsors know a robust click-through rate, and may the user experience be both joyful and truly intuitive.
The surface temperature of a planet depends on two things: the planet's distance from its parent star and the thickness of its atmosphere. Planets with a nearby (but not too close) planet star and some atmosphere (though not too thick) should be reasonably warm, like Earth or Mars. Objects far from the star and with no atmosphere, like Pluto, will surely be cold by our standards. And planets too close to the star and with a thick atmosphere, like Venus, will be very hot indeed.
That's a good idaea. Four unidentifiable high school students lost their lives early this morning when their toy rocket exploded.
Lucid but wholly false recollections can easily be induced by a few cues and questions. Memory can be contaminated. False memories can be implanted even in minds that do not consider themselves vulnerable and uncritical.
How many winners were losers, successes failures, rich men poor men? How many wise guys were stupid? How many happy endings were unhappy endings? How many honest men were liars, brave men cowards, loyal men traitors, how many sainted men were corrupt, how many people in positions of trust had sold their souls to blackguards for petty cash, how many had never had souls? How many straight-and-narrow paths were crooked paths? How many best families were worst families and how many good people were bad people?
Of so little weight are the greatest services to princes, when put into the balance with a refusal to gratify their passions.
She did not know what this chance would be, what wind would bring it her, towards what shore it would drive her.
Applause! Applause! No, wait, wait. Dear studio audience, I've an announcement to make. It seems the artists these days are not who you think, so we'll pick back up on that on another page.
Today, almost everyone is an obsessive, well-informed aficionado of something. Pick your cult: there are food geeks and fashion geeks and Desperate Housewives geeks and David Mamet geeks and fantasy sports geeks. The list is endless. And since everyone today is some kind of trivia geek or other, there's not even a stigma anymore. Trivia is mainstream. "Nerd" is the new "cool."
Although reflection mapping can be used to produce a number of useful effects, it provides only an approximation to the correct reflection information. By taking into account just the surface's reflection direction and not its position in the sphere, it models an infinitely large environment sphere.
These are my books. I like storeys with magic powers in them. Either in kingdoms on Earth or on foreign planets. Usually I prefer a girl hero, but not always.
And now, as I close my task, subduing my desire to linger yet, these faces fade away. But one face, shining on me like a Heavenly light by which I see all other objects, is above them and beyond them all. And that remains.
What I want you to be - I don't mean physically but morally, you are very well physically - is a firm fellow, a fine firm fellow, with a will of your own, with resolution. With determination. With strength of character that is not to be influenced except on good reason by anybody, or by anything. That's what I want you to be. That's what your father and your mother might both have been.
Who's going to take you home and hold you when things aren't so bright? She looks to me, she looks to me.
Whoa, pal, you aren't trying to cheat, are you? Now, I know that you know better. You're disqualified! Next time, play fair!
My friend was an enthusiastic musician, being himself not only a very capable performer but a composer of no ordinary merit. All the afternoon he sat in the stalls wrapped in the most perfect happiness, gently waving his long, thin fingers in time to the music, while his gently smiling face and his languid, dreamy eyes were as unlike those of Holmes the sleuth-hound, Holmes the relentless, keen-witted, ready-handed criminal agent, as it was possible to conceive.
Everyone else in the bar had scattered or was still hugging the floor. She led him onto a veranda and down rickety stairs into an alley, back onto Bay Street, past liquor row of stacks and stables converted to warehouses that were receiving crates and barrels even at night, and onto Frederick Street.
Buster so excelled at being neither seen nor heard that he remained at the school, undetected, for a full two semesters after he was supposed to graduate.
There is a theory which states that if anybody ever discovers exactly what the Universe is for and why it is here, it will instantly disappear and be replaced by something even more bizarre and inexplicable.
My severe injuries had healed and the sweet taste of blood coated my mouth. I kept walking, my goal vague, trying to dispel the building unease in my chest. Upon entering an open area was the scent of rotting flowers and in the middle of the flowerbed, he stood. Without anyone saying a thing, without his name given, like an unsolved puzzle falling into place by itself, just by seeing that figure, I understood exactly who I faced.
Seen about a million roads. I've done the bong to Tokyo. I've been a clone and had a little luck. Swam across the golden sea a certain price of levity. It brings us up and only makes us sleep. Television changing channels telling people wearing flannels. Culture shocking walkways to the shore. Even though I never know and even though I never know. And even though I never want to know.
Where's that money, you silly stupid old fool? Where's that money? Do you realise what this means? It means bankruptcy and scandal and prison! That's what it means! One of us is going to jail; well, it's not gonna be me!
It was one of those days when it's a minute away from snowing and there's this electricity in the air, you can almost hear it. And this bag was, like, dancing with me. Like a little kid begging me to play with it. For fifteen minutes. And that's the day I knew there was this entire life behind things, and this incredibly benevolent force.
Webster defines intelligence as, "the ability to apprehend interrelationships of the perceived facts (and situations) in order to appropriately guide actions toward desired goals." In other words, the intelligent person is able to identify a problem and find its optimum solution. Hence, intelligence is effectiveness.
What I am trying to say is the love is ours to make so we should make it.
If only you'd attached my legs, I wouldn't be in this ridiculous position. Now remember, Chewbacca, you have a responsibility to me, so don't do anything foolish!
Each day means a new twenty-four hours. Each day means everything's possible again. You live in the moment, you die in the moment, you take it all one day at a time.
When logic and proportion have fallen sloppy dead, and the White Knight is talking backwards, and the Red Queen's off with her head, remember what the Dormouse said, "Feed your head. Feed your head."
Well, that was fun, wasn't it dear, the odd moment like that? It's almost worth staying alive for, isn't it? It's nice to share a moment like that, isn't it, dear? It's what marriage is all about. I know - I read it on the back of a matchbox.
I went to the police, like a good American. These two boys were brought to trial. The judge sentenced them to three years in prison, and suspended the sentence.
If teachers taught, why didn't preachers praught? Why is a boxing ring square? Why do people recite at a play and play at a recital? Why do we have noses that run and feet that smell? It's very confusing, isn't it? A slim chance and a fat chance are the same thing, really, but a wise man and a wise guy aren't the same at all, are they? When the stars are out, they are visible. When the lights are out, they are invisible. What's up?
Ticking away the moments that make up a dull day, you fritter and waste the hours in an off-hand way. Kicking around on a piece of ground in your home town, waiting for someone or something to show you the way.
Ladies and Gentlemen. I stand before you now because I never stopped dawdling like an eight-year-old on a spring morning on his way to school. Anything can make me stop and look and wonder, and sometimes learn. I am a very happy man. Thank you.
I believe like a child that suffering will be healed and made up for, that all the humiliating absurdity of human contradictions will vanish like a pitiful mirage, like the despicable fabrication of the impotent and infinitely small Euclidean mind of man, that in the world's finale, at the moment of eternal harmony, something so precious will come to pass that it will suffice for all hearts, for the comforting of all resentments, for the atonement of all the crimes of humanity, for all the blood that they've shed; that it will make it not only possible to forgive but to justify all that has happened.
We're leaving together, but still it's farewell. And maybe we'll come back to earth, who can tell? I guess there is no one to blame. We're leaving ground. Will things ever be the same again? It's the final countdown.
In 1969 four computers located around the country were in communication with each other through ARPANET. By the mid-1980s, the core of the network was in place, the communications protocols had been determined, and the Internet was live. By the early 1990s the first Internet language (http) was written and the first browser was published. The World Wide Web was born.
We have a straight shot into the fusion reactor. We need a catalyst explosion to destabilise the magnetic containment fields surrounding the fusion cells. Use an explosive. I recommend a grenade or rocket. If you run out of explosives, there is an armoury station located near the engine room's entrance.
There ain't no sin and there ain't no virtue. There's just stuff people do.
Because most of the 150,000 tons of gold ever mined is still in circulation, the gold on my finger could have been mined in Persia six thousand years ago, or worn by Cleopatra.
Do you think we're wealthy?! Wealthy people drive fancy cars, they have fresh pasta. Do we do any of those things? No! Wealthy people can afford any of their vacations ruined, no big deal. They just pick up and go again. Your father and I worked so hard, so long. What is wrong with you two? Are you aborigines? Every time I turn around, I hear someone screaming and fighting. And I pray to God that's someone else's children, but it's not, it's always you! Sane children would appreciate this. Are you even thinking? No, you're always at each other like a couple of rabid monkeys. It is not enough you two do this every day, but you have to make me suffer. Well, so help me...
Well I woke in mid-afternoon cause that's when it all hurts the most. I dream I never know anyone at the party and I'm always the host. If dreams are like movies, then memories are films about ghosts. You can never escape, you can only move south down the coast.
In the last days of 1890, thousands of outraged farmers gathered in a small city, far from the halls of power, to protest their chronic exclusion from the fruits of land and labour.
I took her hand in mine, and we went out of the ruined place; and, as the morning mists had risen long ago when I first left the forge, so, the evening mists were rising now, and in all the broad expanse of tranquil light they showed to me, I saw no shadow of another parting from her.
Sitting in the morning sun, I'll be sitting when the evening comes. Watching the ships roll in, and I watch them roll away again. Sitting on the dock of the bay, watching the tide roll away. I'm just sitting on the dock of the bay wasting time.
How many times have you seen the leader of a race have a mechanical problem with only a few laps to go? You will never be able to take advantage of their problems if you are not close. You have to be close to take advantage of luck.
Open to everything happy and sad, seeing the good when it's all going bad. Seeing the sun when I can't really see, hoping the sun will at least look at me. Focus on everything better today; all that I needed I never could say. Hold on to people - they're slipping away. Hold on to this while it's slipping away.
I know these will all be storeys someday. And our pictures will become old photographs. We'll all become somebody's mom or dad. But right now these moments are not storeys. This is happening. I am here and I am looking at her. And she is so beautiful. I can see it. This one moment when you know you're not a sad storey. You are alive, and you stand up and see the lights on the buildings and everything that makes you wonder. And you're listening to that song and that drive with the people you love most in this world. And in this moment I swear we are infinite.
When I look into your eyes I can see a love restrained. But darlin' when I hold you, don't you know I feel the same? Nothin' lasts forever and we both know hearts can change, and it's hard to hold a candle in the cold November rain.
A sentence's verb phrase may contain a verb with many possible meanings. Several steps offer opportunities to hack away successively at the collection of meanings, ultimately yielding a unique interpretation, or at worst, a small number. Noting the presence or absence of a particle helps considerably. Verb meanings inconsistent with an observed particle or inconsistent with the absence of a particle are thrown out immediately.
It's a sad communication with little reason to believe when one isn't giving and one pretends to receive. Pardon my heart if I showed that I cared, but I love you more than moments we have or have not shared.
The sun during midday will light up the dark night. Night dreams of day. Light dreams of darkness. But the ignorant sun will chase away the darkness... and burn the shadows, eventually burning itself! The shade of the tree with the flowers that bloom at night is where the residents of darkness rest. The people of daytime are not allowed!
Is it sweeter to exist only in the mind or to exist both in the mind and in reality? Flipping out and wailing on guitars is much sweeter when someone is actually doing it.
My mom, especially, challenged us on everything. She'd use words we didn't know in the middle of a sentence and make us tell her what they meant by figuring out the context in which they were used. When she and my grandparents talked about politics at the table, she wanted to hear our opinions. The more we disagreed with her, the happier she seemed to be.
All we had to do was follow the damn train, CJ!
Come here and take a lesson from the lovely lemon tree. Don't put your faith in love, my boy, I fear you'll find that love is like the lovely lemon tree.
The amusing thing about this, it's all a big mistake. That particular Starfighter game was supposed to be delivered to Vegas, not some flea-speck trailer park in the middle of tumbleweeds and tarantulas. So it must be fate, destiny, blind chance, luck even, that brings us together. And as the poet said, "the rest is history".
Tables. Tables are made so a person can sit down and do something. Or nothing. Any person can sit at a table, and if the table is large enough, many people. To make jokes, eat a meal, tell storeys. Tables are for people to be together and share. And that is why tables are like Pied Piper. Grapefruits, postcards, hugs. These are things people share to connect, to come closer. To open up about ideas and things that make us feel alive, like air, ballet, amazing haircuts, weird countries, three-alarm chili, mountains, continents, the Earth, life. Life is beautiful, and sad, and hopeful, and dangerous.
Pooka. From old Celtic mythology, a fairy spirit in animal form, always very large. The pooka appears here and there, now and then, to this one and that one. A benign but mischievous creature. Very fond of rumpots, crackpots, and how are you, Mr. Wilson?
Most of the people in the industry were young because the guys who had any real experience were too smart to get involved in all these crazy little machines.
That's exactly why I came here. I love Cersei. You can laugh at that if you want, you can sneer, it doesn't matter. She needs me. And to get back to her, I have to take Riverrun. I'll send for your baby boy and I'll launch him into Riverrun with a catapult because you don't matter to me, Lord Edmure. Your son doesn't matter to me. The people in the castle don't matter to me... only Cersei. And if I have to slaughter every Tully who ever lived to get back to her, that's what I'll do.
I am the happiest creature in the world. Perhaps other people have said so before, but not one with such justice. I am happier even than Jane; she only smiles, I laugh.
I'm Banta, the blacksmith. I'm forging a bell for the King to present to his beloved Queen Leene! I lost it when the Queen disappeared. I just couldn't keep working on the bell. But now it's back to business as usual!
Neal, the board is deciding whether to release you from your anklet permanently. They wanna know who's in your life. Are they a good influence, or are they gonna steer you back to the dark side?
You think I think that an artist's job is to speak the truth. An artist's job is to captivate you for however long we've asked for your attention. If we stumble into truth we got lucky and I don't get to decide what truth is.
It was miraculous. It was almost no trick at all, he saw, to turn vice into virtue and slander into truth, impotence into abstinence, arrogance into humility, plunder into philanthropy, thievery into honour, blasphemy into wisdom, brutality into patriotism, and sadism into justice. Anybody could do it; it required no brains at all. It merely required no character.
The boy has not a real choice, has he? Self-interest, the fear of physical pain drove him to that grotesque act of self-abasement. The insincerity was clear to be seen. He ceases to be a wrongdoer. He ceases also to be a creature capable of moral choice.
I'm a pleasant fellow, charming, honest, ambitious, quite bright, and very modest.
Saturday afternoons are terrible in a boys' school, especially in the winter. There is no football game; it is not possible, as it is in the spring, to take bicycle trips into the surrounding country. Not even the most grinding student can feel required to lose himself in his books, since there is Sunday ahead, long, lazy, quiet Sunday, to do any homework.
William Shakespeare did not exist. His plays were masterminded in 1589 by Francis Bacon, who used a Ouija board to enslave play-writing ghosts.
Oh, see, I made Louis a bet here. See, Louis bet me that we couldn't both get rich and put y'all in the poor house at the same time. He didn't think we could do it. I won.
The dude has a photographic memory. Every time he thinks he might forgive you, the image of you smashing his artwork just pops into his head. Not that I've discussed it with him.
Ahem. Pardon me, but the point of this afternoon is to pretend that you might one day make a valuable contribution to society. Perhaps you could play along. For example, Ms. Polk, you might want to look into journalism, which is a profession where they actually pay people to be cynical and disaffected.
It takes more than a calorie of fossil fuel energy to produce a calorie of food. From the standpoint of industrial efficiency, it's too bad we can't simply drink the petroleum directly, because there's a lot less energy in a bushel of corn (measured in calories) than there is in the half gallon or so of oil required to produce it. Ecologically this is a fabulously expensive way to produce food.
Well, gentlemen, the way I see it, if this hot weather continues, it's going to melt the polar caps and the whole wide world. And all the parts that ain't water already will surely be flooded.
That's great Rachel, but I'm on my third glass of chardonnay and I don't think you called me over here to tell me you submitted your application to the bar, or that you're putting your foot down with Louis.
The sooner your kids appreciate the value of work, the more successful they will be. Work is part of life. You work to earn money, put food on the table, and keep your homes orderly and clean. For your kids, work involves schoolwork, homework, and teamwork at home and in the community.
More than anyone I'd ever met, he seemed to participate in life as if it were art, and to practise a studied, careful carefreeness. His sense of what is worthy seemed to overlap very little with any conventional sense of what is useful, and if there were one precept that could be said to govern his life, it is that one's highest calling is to engage in enriching escapades at every turn.
"I've heard men complain of doing woman's work, and women complain of doing man's work," she added, fastening her bony thumb and forefinger on Gurgi's ear and marching him to a stool beside Taran, "but I've never heard the work complain of who did it, so long as it got done!"
Yeah, you just take Soupy-Sales to prom 'cause I can think of so many cooler things to do that night. I might pumice my feet, I might go to Bren's Unitarian Church, maybe get hit by a truck full of hot garbage juice, you know? Cause all those things, would be exponentially cooler than going to prom with you.
You have been my friend. That in of itself is a tremendous thing. After all, what's life anyway? We're born, we live a little while, we die. The spider's life can't help being something of a miss. With all this trapping -- and eating flies. By helping you, perhaps I was trying to lift up my own life to trifle.
Well, yes. Yes, everything's political. Like everything else, the relationship between a man and a woman has a socioeconomic base. Marriage must be founded on mutual beliefs. A common attitude and philosophy towards society...
There will come a dawn or sunset or high noon when a man will take my life in battle too - flinging a spear perhaps, or whipping a deadly arrow off his bow.
They show you stuff in the military. You wanna know the real battlefield, it's microscopic. We can't even see it. Lucky for me, I got immunisations, but that guy... Well, once you're infected, you're infected.
In this world, you must be oh so smart, or oh so pleasant. Well, for years I was smart. I recommend pleasant. You may quote me.
You liked to go hands free, didn't you? Like, "Hey, I'm the Doctor. I can save the universe using a kettle and some string. And look at me, I'm wearing a vegetable!"
They say there are no stupid questions. That's obviously wrong; I think my question about hard and soft things, for example, is pretty stupid. But it turns out that trying to thoroughly answer a stupid question can take you to some pretty interesting places.
Bacteria may be conveniently grouped under two heads: those that live upon dead organic matter, known as the saprophytic forms, and those that are found in living plants or animals, the true parasites. Such a grouping is not always entirely satisfactory, for many of the kinds that live saprophytically under normal conditions may become parasitic if opportunity offers, and also many of those that are usually regarded as parasitic may be grown in cultures of agar or other media, under which conditions they may be regarded as living saprophytically.
We use words like honour, code, loyalty. We use these words as the backbone of a life spent defending something. You use them as a punchline. I have neither the time nor the inclination to explain myself to a man who rises and sleeps under the blanket of the very freedom that I provide and then questions the manner in which I provide it. I would rather you just said thank you and went on your way. Otherwise, I suggest you pick up a weapon and stand a post. Either way, I don't give a damn what you think you are entitled to.
Vinny: "It's a four ton truck, Tyrone, it's not as though it's a packet of peanuts, is it?" Tyrone: "It was at a funny angle!" Vinny is confused as to this last statement, "It was behind you, Tyrone, whenever you reverse things come from behind you!"
I see a little silhouetto of a man. Scaramouche, Scaramouche, will you do the Fandango? Thunderbolt and lightning, very, very fright'ning me. Galileo, Galileo, Galileo, figaro, magnifico. I'm just a poor boy, nobody loves me. He's just a poor boy from a poor family. Spare him his life from this monstrosity.
So don't be afraid; your heart is in me, and it's racing so fast now. 'Cause everything we ever were or ever will be is shapeless as a changing cloud.
In the English language, swearing is essential to effective communication. Whether you want to succeed in business, school, or social circles, a strong command of vocabulary is absolutely necessary.
Sometimes I wish I could turn back time, impossible as it may seem, but I wish I could so bad. Quit playing games with my heart. I live my life the way to keep you coming back to me. Everything I do is for you, so what is it that you can't see?
Despair comes slowly, crawling its way up inside you until it threatens to overwhelm everything; it buckles the knees, makes you falter and makes you break your stride. In those moments she would will herself forward until despair was replaced by something stronger.
Data is by definition easy to copy. And the Internet makes copies easy to distribute. So it is no wonder companies are afraid. But, as so often happens, fear has clouded their judgement. The government has responded with draconian laws to protect intellectual property. They probably mean well. But they may not realise that such laws will do more harm than good.
Oh, and one more thing; I've stolen a nuclear weapon. And if you do not rid this city of television in two hours, I will detonate it. Farewell. By the way, I'm well aware of the irony of appearing on TV in order to decry it, so don't bother pointing that out.
I've hacked into the Covenant battle network. They're actually broadcasting tactical data on unencrypted channels. We should show them who they're dealing with. Master Chief, I'm going to use your suit's transcom system to monitor their chatter.
Every artist is a man who has freed himself from his family, his nation, his race. Every man who has shown the world the way to beauty, to true culture, has been a rebel, a 'universal' without patriotism, without home, who has found his people everywhere.
Hacking will begin killing people soon. Already there are methods of stacking calls onto 911 systems, annoying the police, and possibly causing the death of some poor soul calling in with a genuine emergency. Hackers in Amtrak computers, or air-traffic control computers, will kill somebody someday. Maybe a lot of people.
You gave me wings and made me fly, you touched my hand. I could touch the sky. I lost my faith, you gave it back to me, you said no star was out of reach.
Do you have life insurance, Phil? Because if you do, you could always use a little more, right? I mean, who couldn't? But you wanna know something? I got the feeling you ain't got any. Am I right or am I right?
The car has stopped. Vinny: "What have you stopped here for? What's wrong with that space over there?" Tyrone: "It's too tight." Vinny: "What are you talking about, tight? You could land a jumbo jet in there!" Sol: "Hey, leave him alone, he's a natural. Ain't you Tyrone?" Tyrone gets a little over-excited with the accelerator and reverses with a crashing sound into the rear of the van behind them. Vinny: "A natural idiot! Tyrone, what have you done!" Sol: "Yeah Tyrone, what have you done?"
When we conceive of the sweetest being ever, we are conceiving of the being that exists both in the mind and in reality. Since the ninja is that being than which nothing sweeter can be conceived and that being exists in the mind and in reality, the ninja exists in reality.
Sure. Support a man you never met over a partner who knows you never went to Harvard, knows you're not really a lawyer, and is keeping you on anyway.
Here comes the rain again, falling from the stars. Drenched in my pain again, becoming who we are. As my memory rests but never forgets what I lost. Wake me up when September ends.
You've undoubtedly noticed how some authors go to so much trouble to build up great tension a few pages before the end of their storeys - but a reader who is holding the book physically in his hands can feel that the storey is about to end. Hence, he has some extra information which acts as an advance warning, in a way.
When I was your age, television was called books. And this is a special book. It was the book my father used to read to me when I was sick, and I used to read it to your father. And today I'm gonna read it to you.
The idaea behind each one was we took a film that we like and made the title stupider. And then made a new film to reflect the new stupid title. It's a formula that only produces horrible films, but for some reason we kept using it.
Come on, Marge, I want to shake off the dust of this one-horse town. I want to explore the world. I want to watch TV in a different time zone. I want to visit strange, exotic malls. I'm sick of eating hoagies. I want a grinder, a sub, a foot-long hero. I want to live, Marge! Won't you let me live? Won't you, please?!
I started to walk down the street when I heard a voice saying, "Good evening, Mr. Dowd". I turned, and there was this big white rabbit leaning against a lamp-post. Well, I thought nothing of that, because when you've lived in a town as long as I've lived in this one, you get used to the fact that everybody knows your name. And naturally, I went over to chat with him.
I've been thinking lots about my life and how quick I'd wash it down the drain. Past tense, the future, nothing matters now. I act on my own and I'm to blame.
He started ripping the bark, using his fingernails at first, and when that didn't work he used the sharp edge of the hatchet, cutting the bark in thin slivers, hairs so fine they were almost not there. It was painstaking work, slow work, and he stayed with it for over two hours. Twice he stopped for a handful of berries and once to go to the lake for a drink.
Life moves pretty fast. If you don't stop and look around once in a while, you could miss it.
I believe in love, and I know that you do too. And I believe in some kind of path that we can walk down, me and you. So keep your candles burning and make her journey bright and pure.
I love bagels even though they are one of mankind's most dangerous foods, which is something most people don't know. For instance, there's actually no safe way to slice a bagel. Except maybe you get somebody to do it for you. I mean you have no idaea how many people have sliced an index finger in half along with a bagel.
The consequences of our actions are always so complicated, so diverse, that predicting the future is a very difficult business indeed.
Time is tricky. You have whole months, even years, when nothing changes a speck, when you don't go anywhere or do anything or think one new thought. And then you can get hit with a day, or an hour, or a half a second when so much happens it's almost like you got born all over again into some brand-new person you for damn sure never expected to meet.
The vastness of the heavens stretches my imagination - stuck on this carousel my little eye can catch one-million-year-old light. A vast pattern - of which I am a part... What is the pattern or the meaning or the why? It does not do harm to the mystery to know a little more about it. For far more marvellous is the truth than any artists of the past imagined it.
War! The Republic is crumbling under attacks by the ruthless Sith Lord, Count Dooku. There are heroes on both sides. Evil is everywhere. In a stunning move, the fiendish droid leader, General Grievous, has swept into the Republic capital and kidnapped Chancellor Palpatine, leader of the Galactic Senate. As the Separatist Droid Army attempts to flee the besieged capital with their valuable hostage, two Jedi Knights lead a desperate mission to rescue the captive Chancellor...
She finished her letter, wondering whether she had said enough and not too much, and sat with the folded and sealed letter between her hands with something of her usual hesitation when she had taken any step of importance. Then she rose quickly and sent it away. She felt she must go into her brother's presence, having fulfilled his wishes. She had not a moment for reflection then, for the front doorbell, usually so silent, rang loudly, and in a moment a tall, broad-shouldered, middle-aged man came into the room and went straight up to her.
A strange game. The only winning move is not to play. How about a nice game of chess?
It is pleasing to human vanity to believe that one suffers because of one's virtues; but not until a man has extirpated every sickly, bitter, and impure thought from his mind, and washed every sinful stain from his soul, can he be in a position to know and declare that his sufferings are the result of his good, and not of his bad qualities; and on the way to, yet long before he has reached, that supreme perfection, he will have found, working in his mind and life, the Great Law which is absolutely just, and which cannot, therefore, give good for evil, evil for good. Possessed of such knowledge, he will then know, looking back upon his past ignorance and blindness, that his life is, and always was, justly ordered, and that all his past experiences, good and bad, were the equitable outworking of his evolving, yet unevolved self.
I had a dream last night, and another oracle spoke to me. Its voice was heavenly... "If you keep going around and around the red palm tree in the distant desert town Dry Dry Outpost something good will happen." So said the voice in my dream. It doesn't seem to make any sense at all to me. In fact, thinking about it makes me so uneasy that I can't sleep at night. If you find out what it means, please tell me.
The red one is plutonium-239. 10,000,000th of a gram causes cancer. The yellow one is strontium-90. It gets inside you and causes leukaemia. The purple one is caesium-137. It affects reproduction. It causes mutations. It makes monstrosities. Man's stupidity is unbelievable. Radioactivity was invisible, and because of its danger, they coloured it. But that only lets you know which kind kills you.
My friend, the fates are cruel. There are no dreams, no honour remains. The arrow has left the bow of the goddess. My soul, corrupted by vengeance, hath endured torment, to find the end of the journey, in my own salvation, and your eternal slumber. Legend shall speak of sacrifice at world's end. The wind sails over the water's surface. Quietly, but surely.
Actually, it's more of a behavioural observation. Like, say the moose in question was seen sniffing a flower, which according to the first moose is elk-like. But the second moose isn't so sure. I mean, he doesn't feel like an elk, he doesn't have elk thoughts. Does it make him an elk just because he likes this one flower?
This is the most uncomfortable coffin I've ever been in. Your selection is quite shoddy. You are wasting my time.
You'll never have that kind of relationship in a world where you're afraid to take the first step because all you see is every negative thing ten miles down the road.
I've seen things you people wouldn't believe. Attack ships on fire off the shoulder of Orion. I watched C-beams glitter in the dark near the Tannhauser gate. All those moments will be lost in time, like tears in rain.
According to the popular storey, the keyboard invented by August Dvorak, a professor of education at the University of Washington, is vastly superior to the Qwerty keyboard developed by Christopher Sholes that is now in common use. We are to believe that, although the Dvorak keyboard is vastly superior to the Qwerty, virtually no one trains on Dvorak because there are too few Dvorak typists.
If you're distracted by fear of those around you it keeps you from seeing the actions of those above.
And werewolves have claws. Robots can have claws. You know, in many ways, the werewolf is nature's robot.
The unhappy are egoistic, spiteful, unjust, cruel, and less capable of understanding each other than fools. Unhappiness does not bring people together but draws them apart, and even where one would fancy people should be united by the similarity of their sorrow, far more injustice and cruelty is generated than in comparatively placid surroundings.
Franky Four Fingers: "I have stones to sell, fat to chew, and many different men to see about many different ducks, so if I am not rushing you..." Doug the Head: "Slow down, Franky, my son. When in Rome..." Franky: "I am not in Rome, Doug. I am in a rush."
This is why dreams can be such dangerous things; they smoulder on like a fire does, and sometimes consume us completely.
I declare after all there is no enjoyment like reading! How much sooner one tyres of any thing than of a book! When I have a house of my own, I shall be miserable if I have not an excellent library.
I hate this. I hate being here. I hate that you have to be here. I hate that there's evil and that I was chosen to fight it. I wish a whole lot of the time that I hadn't been. I know a lot of you wish I hadn't been, either. This isn't about wishes. This is about choices. I believe we can beat this evil. Not when it comes. Not when its army is ready. Now. Tomorrow morning I'm opening the seal. I'm going down into the Hellmouth and I am finishing this once and for all.
Mr. President, we are rapidly approaching a moment of truth, both for ourselves as human beings and for the life of our nation. Now, truth is not always a pleasant thing. But it is necessary now to make a choice, to choose between two admittedly regrettable, but nevertheless distinguishable, post-war environments: one where you got 20 million people killed, and the other where you got 150 million people killed!
Consider, for example, Walmart workers. They may label themselves liberal/progressive or libertarian/conservative, but there are some things they could agree on. About a million Walmart workers either make between 7.25 and 10.25 an hour or are required to work considerably less than forty hours per week at or above 10.75, so that they earn less than 10.75 times forty hours a week. The CEO, Mike Duke, works full-time and makes 11,000 an hour plus benefits.
Burning my bridges and smashing my mirrors, turning to see if you're cowardly. Burning the witches with modern religions, you'll strike the matches and shower me. In water games washing the rocks below. Taught and tamed in time with tear flow.
For it is not enough to have a good mind; the main thing is to apply it well. The greatest souls are capable of the greatest vices as well as the greatest virtues. And those who proceed only very slowly can make much greater progress, provided they always follow the right path, than those who hurry and stray from it.
Obviously, my attempt at fooling her had been unsuccessful. My mother was still yelling at me over the phone, but I wasn't listening because I was too engrossed in trying to get out of bed to go to the living room without waking Jenna. Somehow, I managed to get out of bed and walk into the living room.
My mother's a behavioural psychologist, and my father's a Freudian psychiatrist, which basically means they fundamentally disagree on like everything.
The problem we now face is that this thin layer of atmosphere is being thickened by huge quantities of human-caused carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases. And as it thickens, it traps a lot of the infrared radiation that would otherwise escape the atmosphere and continue out to the universe.
Who gets to be best-liked in any community? Who is the most trusted? Why, the man who does the dirty job, of course, and does it with a smile. The man who does the job you couldn't bring yourself to do.
You thought you'd found a friend to take you out of this place. Someone you could lend a hand in return for grace.
If you, under any circumstances, see "Little Indian, Big City," I will never let you read one of my reviews again.
Whenever I'm alone with you, you make me feel like I am home again. Whenever I'm alone with you, you make me feel like I am whole again. Whenever I'm alone with you, you make me feel like I am young again. Whenever I'm alone with you, you make me feel like I am fun again.
The view that machines cannot give rise to surprises is due, I believe, to a fallacy to which philosophers and mathematicians are particularly subject. This is the assumption that as soon as a fact is presented to a mind all consequences of that fact spring into the mind simultaneously with it. It is a very useful assumption under many circumstances, but one too easily forgets that it is false. A natural consequence of doing so is that one then assumes that there is no virtue in the mere working out of consequences from data and general principles.
Now the scandal and the light are to be distributed differently; it is the conviction itself that marks the offender with the unequivocally negative sign: the publicity has shifted to the trial, and to the sentence.
I am endeavouring, Madam, to construct a mnemonic memory circuit using stone knives and bear skins.
I'm in love with you, and I know that love is just a shout into the void, and that oblivion is inevitable, and that we're all doomed and that there will come a day when all our labour has been returned to dust, and I know the sun will swallow the only earth we'll ever have, and I am in love with you.
No A-levels, no job, no future, but I'll tell you what I have got - Jericho Street Junior School's under-sevens gymnastics team. I won the bronze.
That's the engineer of the Excess Express. Talk about a dream job for kids! But just saying you drive a train doesn't make you cool. You gotta LOVE the job! I mean, we're talking about a train, here. That's some serious responsibility!
On a Saturday, long Saturday night - how I lied when I said I was out. I was sitting at home doing nothing; I don't know why.
Specialised uniforms, such as nun and priest garb, can be most helpful. Cheque out your local uniform store for a wide range of clothes that will get you in, and especially out, of all kinds of stores.
For so long I thought that if my dad accepted me, I'd be happy. I'm back home now. My dad talks to me, he even thinks I'm a hero. Everything should be perfect, right? I should be happy now, but I'm not. I'm angrier than ever and I don't know why.
Double, double, toil and trouble; fire burn, and cauldron bubble. Fillet of a fenny snake, in the cauldron boil and bake, eye of newt and toe of frog, wool of bat and tongue of dog, adder's fork and blind-worm's sting, lizard's leg and owlet's wing, for a charm of powerful trouble, like a hell-broth boil and bubble.
It was close upon four before the door opened, and a drunken-looking groom, ill-kempt and side-whiskered, with an inflamed face and disreputable clothes, walked into the room. Accustomed as I was to my friend's amazing powers in the use of disguises, I had to look three times before I was certain that it was indeed he. With a nod he vanished into the bedroom, whence he emerged in five minutes tweed-suited and respectable, as of old. Putting his hands into his pockets, he stretched out his legs in front of the fire and laughed heartily for some minutes.
Life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness. We fought for these ideals; we shouldn't settle for less. These are wise words, enterprising men quote 'em. Don't act surprised, you guys, cuz I wrote 'em. But Hamilton forgets. His plan would have the government assume state's debts. Now, place your bets as to who that benefits: the very seat of government where Hamilton sits...
If we all go for the blonde and block each other, not a single one of us is going to get her. So then we go for her friends, but they will all give us the cold shoulder because no one likes to be second choice. But what if none of us goes for the blonde? We won't get in each other's way and we won't insult the other girls. It's the only way to win.
Nobody exists on purpose. Nobody belongs anywhere. We're all going to die. Come watch TV.
But if in efficient causes it is possible to go on to infinity, there will be no first efficient cause, neither will there be an ultimate effect, nor any intermediate efficient causes; all of which is plainly false. Therefore it is necessary to admit a first efficient cause, to which everyone gives the name of God.
Whatever happened to chivalry? Does it only exist in '80s movies? I want John Cusack holding a boombox outside my window. I wanna ride off on a lawnmower with Patrick Dempsey. I want Jake from "Sixteen Candles" waiting outside the church for me. I want Judd Nelson thrusting his fist into the air because he knows he got me. Just once I want my life to be like an '80s movie, preferably one with a really awesome musical number for no apparent reason. But no, no, John Hughes did not direct my life.
I'll talk about whomever I want. She loved her children - I suppose all mothers do. Catelyn and Cersei, it's a fierceness you don't often see. They'd do anything to protect their babies: start a war, burn cities to ash, free their worst enemies. The things we do for love.
I must wait for the sunrise, I must think of a new life and I mustn't give in when the dawn comes. Tonight will be a memory too and a new day will begin, burnt out ends of smoky days.
Sure is mellow grazin' in the grass. What a trip just watchin' as the world goes past. There are too many groovy things to see while grazin' in the grass. Flowers with colours for takin', everything outta sight.
I finally figured it out. It's like when they realised it was gonna be too expensive to actually build cyborgs and robots. I mean, the costs of that were impossible. They decided to just let humans turn themselves into robots. That's what's going on right now. I mean, why not? There're billions of us just laying around, not really doing anything. We don't cost anything. We're even pretty good at self-maintenance and reproducing constantly. And as it turns out, we're already biologically programmed for our little cyborg upgrades.
Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world.
The only thing that burns in hell is the part of you that won't let go of your life: your memories, your attachments. They burn them all away, but they're not punishing you, they're freeing your soul. If you're frightened of dying and you're holding on, you'll see devils tearing your life away. If you've made your peace, then the devils are really angels freeing you from the earth.
Join in with me, with me. We'll fly on someone else's wings, to where everybody is one. Above the sky we read, it's written black on white - the truth, follow the lead. Echoes of the same old psalm. Sing with me, with me, in unity. Join in with me. I have been trying to break out for too long from the cage. I found my path when I thought that I was wrong. Stay close to me, to me. I'll show you what you need to see, to see.
Hating the Empire, getting revenge... It's all I ever thought about. But I never did anything about it. I mean, I realised there was nothing I could do. It made me feel hollow, alone. And then...I'd miss my brother. I'd say stuff like "I'm gonna be a sky pirate", or some other stupid thing. Just anything to keep my mind off it. I was just...I was running away. I needed to get away from his death.
It soared, a bird, it held its flight, a swift pure cry, soar silver orb it leaped serene, speeding, sustained, to come, don't spin it out too long long breath he breath long life, soaring high, high resplendent, aflame, crowned, high in the effulgence symbolistic, high, of the ethereal bosom, high, of the high vast irradiation everywhere all soaring all around about the all, the endlessnessnessness...
Oh, I'm sorry. I can't come to the door right now. I'm afraid that in my weakened condition, I could take a nasty spill down the stairs and subject myself to further school absences. You can reach my parents at their places of business. Thank you for stopping by. I appreciate your concern for my well-being. Have a nice day!
And high above, depicted in a tower, sat Conquest, robed in majesty and power, under a sword that swung above his head, sharp-edged and hanging by a subtle thread.
Liz, this is ridiculous! I cannot make the choice between the prevention of a major crime and the correction of my son's overbite! Particularly when the overbite runs on your side of the family.
Yeah, over here. It's only been a year. I was dirt broke, now I'm balling like a sphere.
I believe in angels, something good in everything I see. When I know the time is right for me I'll cross the stream.
I had the impression of being abandoned by everyone when the whole city rose and left for the summer. I was afraid to be left alone, and for three days I roamed dejectedly through the city, unable to understand what was happening to me. Whether I went to Nevsky Avenue, to the park, or wandered along the embankments, I never came across the people I was accustomed to meet in certain spots at certain hours all year round. They, of course, didn't know me; but I knew them all right.
If you talk to these extraordinary people, you find that they all understand this at one level or another. They may be unfamiliar with the concept of cognitive adaptability, but they seldom buy into the idaea that they have reached the peak of their fields because they were the lucky winners of some genetic lottery. They know what is required to develop the extraordinary skills that they possess because they have experienced it firsthand.
Living in the limelight, the universal dream for those who wish to seem. Those who wish to be must put aside the alienation, get on with the fascination, the real relation, the underlying theme.
I had a dream. There was our world, and the world was dark because there weren't any robins, and the robins represented love. And for the longest time, there was this darkness. Then all of a sudden, thousands of robins were set free and they flew down and brought this blinding light of love. I guess it means that there is trouble until the robins come.
We were playing chequers. I used to kid her once in a while because she wouldn't take her kings out of the back row. But I didn't kid her much though. You never wanted to kid Jane too much. I think I really like it best when you can kid the pants off a girl when the opportunity arises, but it's a funny thing. The girls I like best are ones I never feel much like kidding. Sometimes I think they'd like it if you kidded them - in fact I know they would - but it's hard to get started, once you've known them a pretty long time and never kidded them.
In this world, evil can arise from the best intentions. And there is good which can come from evil intentions.
I was oppressed with a sense of vague discontent and dissatisfaction with my own life, which was passing so quickly and uninterestingly, and I kept thinking it would be a good thing if I could tear my heart out of my breast, that heart which had grown so weary of life.
For once I can say, "This is mine you can't take it." As long as I know I have love I can make it. For once in my life I have someone who needs me.
Well we're living here in Allentown and they're closing all the factories down. Out in Bethlehem they're killing time, filling out forms, standing in line. Well our fathers fought the Second World War. Spent their weekends on the Jersey Shore. Met our mothers in the USO. Asked them to dance. Danced with them slow.
This is one time where television really fails to capture the true excitement of a large squirrel predicting the weather.
Looks like nothing's gonna change, everything still remains the same. I can't do what ten people tell me to do, so I guess I'll remain the same.
We're bobbing along in our barrel. Some of us tip right over the edge. But there's one thing really mystifying. It's got me laughing, now it's got me crying. All my life I will be death-defying 'til I know... I wonder, wonder why the wonder falls. I wonder why the wonder falls on me. I wonder, wonder why the wonder falls with everything I touch and hear and see.
Society is commonly too cheap. We meet at very short intervals, not having had time to acquire any new value for each other. We meet at meals three times a day, and give each other a new taste of that old musty cheese that we are.
I must congratulate you on your virtuoso performance, my boy. Centauri is impressed. I've seen 'em come, and I've seen 'em go, but you're the best, my boy. Dazzling! Light years ahead of the competition! Centauri's got a little proposition for you. Are ya interested?
No, I don't want to debate about it, if you're not over here in twenty minutes with my door I shall come over there and insert a large garden gnome in you. Good day.
Once you free your mind about a concept of harmony and music being correct you can do whatever you want. So, nobody told me what to do, and there was no preconception of what to do.
If you ain't true to yourself then you ain't true to nobody.
I can't remember if I cried when I read about his widowed bride. Something touched me deep inside the day the music died.
The idaea that he did not really have control over the coming event was comforting for a moment, for it relieved him of the responsibility for making the decision himself - at least for a time.
Doesn't matter what he says. It's 4:07, and if you don't let me see my client, anything he says after this second will be inadmissible, and I will rain down Fourth Amendment claims on you for the rest of your goddamn life.
Empathy, he once had decided, must be limited to herbivores or anyhow omnivores who could depart from a meat diet. Because, ultimately, the empathic gift blurred the boundaries between hunter and victim, between the successful and the defeated.
After all, your chances of winning a lottery and of affecting an election are pretty similar. From a financial perspective, playing the lottery is a bad investment. But it's fun and relatively cheap: for the price of a ticket, you buy the right to fantasise how you'd spend the winnings - much as you get to fantasise that your vote will have some impact on policy.
A good plan today is better than a perfect plan tomorrow.
Finally the press is interested again in Bela Lugosi. There is no such thing as bad press, Eddie. Man from New York even said he was going to put me on the front page - first celebrity ever to cheque into rehab.
I think I'm starting to lose my sense of humour. Everything's so tense and gloom, I almost feel like I gotta cheque the temperature of the room just as soon as I walk in. It's like all eyes on me, so I try to avoid any eye contact, 'cause if I do that then it opens a door for conversation, like I want that.
Can you "choose" something when you are forcefully and enthusiastically immersed in it at an age when the resources and information necessary for choosing are not yet yours?
Historically, most wines contained less than 14 percent alcohol - either because there wasn't enough sugar in the juice to attain a higher alcohol level, or because the yeasts died off when the alcohol reached 14 percent, halting the fermentation.
With people like us, you should hang out, get to know what they do, how they do it. No one is going to answer questions like that. You need to understand how young people live on the streets.
If you don't get what you want, you suffer; if you get what you don't want, you suffer; even when you get exactly what you want, you still suffer because you can't hold on to it forever. Your mind is your predicament. It wants to be free of change, free of pain, free of the obligations of life and death. But change is a law, and no amount of pretending will alter that reality.
In the early days of America, when men wore ruffles on their shirts and buckles on their shoes, when they rode horseback and swore allegiance to the king of England, there lived in Boston a man who cared for none of these things. His name was Samuel Adams. His clothes were shabby and plain, he refused to get on a hose and he hated the king of England.
He soon felt that the fulfilment of his desires gave him only one grain of the mountain of happiness he had expected. This fulfilment showed him the eternal error men make in imagining that their happiness depends on the realisation of their desires.
Time is dead as long as it is being clicked off by little wheels; only when the clock stops does time come to life.
It's too easy to criticise a man when he's out of favour, and to make him shoulder the blame for everybody else's mistakes.
He hugged her close, then let go to shake hands with Joe's oldest friend who had accompanied Dorothy to the hospital. Captain Dave Novicki, broad and sturdy as a mooring bollard, was a retired ocean mariner. He had taken Joe under his wing years ago when he was a junior officer on the immigrant boat that brought the teenage Van Dorn to America.
The "present" is a leaf floating on top of the river. It moves along with the flow from past to the future.
The morning sun, when it's in your face, really shows your age. But that don't worry me none in my eyes, you're everything.
I cheated on the intelligent test, I'm sorry! But you then made the past few weeks great. Me and you were doing stuff together, you've helped me out with things, we're closer than we've ever been. I love you, dad, and I think if something can bring us that close, it can't possibly be bad.
The problem we now face is that this thin layer of atmosphere is being thickened by huge quantities of human-caused carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases. And as it thickens, it traps a lot of the infrared radiation that would otherwise escape the atmosphere and continue out to the universe. As a result, the temperature of the Earth's atmosphere and oceans is getting dangerously warmer.
Welcome to Havana. Smoking Cubanos with Castro in cabanas. Viva Mexico, Cubano. Dominicano, all the plugs that I know. Driving Benzes, with' no benefits. Not bad huh? For some immigrants. Build your fences, we diggin' tunnels. Can't you see? We gettin' money up under you.
You want to know what I want. I'll tell you what I want. I want back what Bobby Fischer took with him when he disappeared.
I'll be the number two guy here in about six weeks. How? Name repetition, personality mirroring, and never breaking off a handshake. I am always thinking one step ahead, like a carpenter that makes stairs.
On a Saturday, long Saturday night - how I lied when I said I was out. I was sitting at home doing nothing; I don't know why. So I thought to myself, what can I do? Have a smoke, take a walk, think of you? Read a book, watch an old movie or two? But it's no fun without you.
Blackbird singing in the dead of night, take these broken wings and learn to fly. All your life you were only waiting for this moment to arise.
Dave, although you took very thorough precautions in the pod against my hearing you, I could see your lips move.
A problem in communication is that people don't smile enough. Watch them on the street, at the office or even at home. How often do they smile? Some turn a smile on and off like a switch and use it to impress others. But their insincerity is quite obvious to the onlooker.
You can't get away with saying "I don't like green food!" much beyond your sixth birthday, but you can express a general preference for white, red, or pink wine for all your adult life.
Lesser than Macbeth, and greater. Not so happy, yet much happier. Thou shalt get kings, though thou be none. So all hail, Macbeth and Banquo!
Well, that's all the time we had for our movie. We hope you found it entertaining, whimsical and yet relevant, with an underlying revisionist conceit that belied the film's emotional attachments to the subject matter.
Dear Theodosia, what to say to you. You have my eyes, you have your mothers name, when you came into the world you cried. And it broke my heart. I've dedicated every day to you. Domestic life, was never quite my style.
After us they'll fly in hot air balloons, coat styles will change, perhaps they'll discover a sixth sense and cultivate it, but life will remain the same, a hard life full of secrets, but happy. And a thousand years from now man will still be sighing, "Oh! Life is so hard!" and will still, like now, be afraid of death and not want to die.
You're right Will. I can't do this proof. But you can and when it comes to that it's only about... it's just a handful of people in the world who can tell the difference between you and me. But I'm one of them.
You are beautiful on the inside; you are innocence personified, and I will drag you down and sell you out. Run away!
In my younger and more vulnerable years my father gave me some advice that I've been turning over in my mind ever since. "Whenever you feel like criticising anyone," he told me, "just remember that all the people in this world haven't had the advantages that you've had." He didn't say any more but we've always been unusually communicative in a reserved way and I understood that he meant a great deal more than that.
Show me a man or a woman alone and I'll show you a saint. Give me two and they'll fall in love. Give me three and they'll invent the charming thing we call 'society'. Give me four and they'll build a pyramid. Give me five and they'll make one an outcast. Give me six and they'll reinvent prejudice. Give me seven and in seven years they'll reinvent warfare. Man may have been made in the image of God, but human society was made in the image of His opposite number, and is always trying to get back home.
Well, it's one louder, isn't it? It's not ten. You see, most blokes, you know, will be playing at ten. You're on ten here, all the way up, all the way up, all the way up, you're on ten on your guitar. Where can you go from there? Where?
All life's battles teach us something, even those we lose. When you grow up, you'll discover that you have defended lies, deceived yourself, or suffered foolishness. If you're a good warrior you will not blame yourself for this, but neither will you allow your mistakes to repeat themselves.
This is my last message to you: in sorrow, seek happiness.
Gately can't even imagine what it would be like to be a sober and drug-free biker. It's like what would be the point. He imagines these people polishing the hell out of their leather and like playing a lot of really precise pool.
Every single night I endure the fight of little wings of white-flamed butterflies in my brain. These ideas of mine percolate the mind, trickle down the spine, swarm the bell, swellin' to a blaze. That's when the pain comes in like a second skeleton trying to fit beneath the skin. I can't fit the feelings in. Every single night is a fight with my brain.
The time has come for man to plant the saeed of his highest hope. His soil is still rich enough. But one day this soil will be poor and domesticated, and no tall tree will be able to grow in it.
The day is made up of 24 hours and an infinite number of moments. We need to be aware of those moments and make the most of them regardless of whether we're busy doing something or contemplating life.
Every fire starts with a spark. Passion is the spark that ignites game-changing creativity, audacity, compassion, tenacity, focus and drive. It is the rocket fuel that launches dreams, a powerful force that guides Game Changers' thoughts, actions and ultimately their lives.
What were you thinking, telling me to change my game? This star wasn't going anywhere, it was kaput! Don't you see what I've done with this place, with this whole thing? Don't you see that I've changed the game? No, I am the game! Before I knew where this was going, I would've listened to you. Right now I distance myself from whatever you have to say. I've made this something way bigger than you are ever gonna be. I made it this far, and I'm taking it to the top.
I'm not blind! I know exactly who he is. He is selfish and lazy and image-obsessed, and he is a bad friend. And he's also clever. And he shoots incredibly high, and he may just make it. But you know what, even if he doesn't, I would rather go broke betting on my people then get rich all by myself on some island like a castaway.
No Big Brother is required to deprive people of their autonomy, maturity and history. As he saw it, people will come to love their oppression, to adore the technologies that undo their capacities to think.
Meanwhile he himself, the Prince, had risen to his feet; the sudden movement of his huge frame made the floor tremble, and a glint of pride flashed in his light blue eyes at this fleeting confirmation of his lordship over both human beings and their works.
I just finished this fascinating book. By the year 2030, there will be computers that can carry out the same amount of functions as an actual human brain. So theoretically, you could download your thoughts and memories into this computer and live forever as a machine!
The man who reviews his own life, as I do mine, in going on here, from page to page, had need to have been a good man indeed, if he would be spared the sharp consciousness of many talents neglected, many opportunities wasted, many erratic and perverted feelings constantly at war within his breast, and defeating him.
Leaves from the vine. Falling so slow. Like fragile, tiny shells. Drifting in the foam. Little soldier boy. Come marching home. Brave soldier boy. Comes marching home.
Take my hand for a minute. We're in it. Imagine all the pain that might be forgiven. What if I had your heart? What if you wore my scars? How would we break down? What if you were me? What if I were you? What if you told my lies? What if I cried with your eyes? Could anyone keep us down? What if you were me? What if I were you?
Coal mining may be your life but it's not mine. I'm never going down there again. I wanna go into space.
But the life of man is ever racing to its end, swifter than time itself, without hope of renewal, unless in the next that is limitless and infinite.
If you know what you're worth, go and get what you're worth. But you gotta be willing to take the hits, and not pointing fingers... saying you ain't where you wanna be because of him or her or anybody! Cowards do that, and that ain't you! You're better than that!
I learnt to write because I am one of those people who somehow cannot manage the common communications of smiles and gestures, but must use words to get across things that other people would never need to say.
In Carl Jung's opinion, we all have a sixth sense - intuition. When you meet someone and you suddenly feel like you can't live without them. This could be the memory of a past love from the collective unconscious. Or it could just be hormones.
Dreams are not to be converted into reality, that we know; we would not form any, perhaps, were it not for desire, and it is useful to us to form them in order to see them fail and to be instructed by their failure.
There's no sunshine, this impossible year. Only black days and sky grey and clouds full of fear, and storms full of sorrow that won't disappear. Just typhoons and monsoons, this impossible year. There's no good times, this impossible year. Just a beachfront of bad blood and a coast that's unclear. All the guests at the party, they're so insincere. They just intrude and exclude, this impossible year.
Every craft and every investigation, and likewise every action and decision, seems to aim at some good; hence the good has been well described as that at which everything aims. However, there is an apparent difference among the ends aimed at. For the end is sometimes an activity, sometimes a product beyond the activity; and when there is an end beyond the action, the product is by nature better than the activity.
Whether you use a PC, laptop, or typewriter - typing is an invaluable skill. It's a skill that can open doors and enhance your career opportunities.
There comes a time when we heed a certain call, when the world must come together as one. There are people dying and it's time to lend a hand to life, the greatest gift of all.
Because she doesn't just give you a present, she gives you a present and she tells you where to put it, how to use it, what it costs - for insurance purposes of course - and God forbid you should have a different opinion or you don't think it works in the space or you just get tyred of waking up every morning with those horrifying animals staring at you!
Yesterday all my troubles seemed so far away. Now it looks as though they're here to stay. Oh, I believe in yesterday. Suddenly I'm not half the man I used to be. There's a shadow hanging over me. Oh, yesterday came suddenly.
I took her hand in mine, and we went out of the ruined place; and, as the morning mists had risen long ago when I first left the forge, so, the evening mists were rising now, and in all the broad expanse of tranquil light they showed to me, I saw the shadow of no parting from her.
At a fundamental level, running is about travel. And travel is about going someplace else, someplace new. You run, you move. You get stronger and more confident. Run long enough, and you begin to equate movement with energy and growth and discovery. Sitting still? That equals sloth, atrophy, confinement. Ultimately, death.
A library of books is the fairest garden in the world, and to walk there is an ecstasy.
We can now get these kids to buy just about anything. We can have them chasing a new trend every week. And that is good for the economy. And what's good for the economy is good for the country.
Much of my life had been devoted to trying not to cry in front of people who loved me, so I knew what Augustus was doing. You clench your teeth. You look up. You tell yourself that if they see you cry, it will hurt them, and you will be nothing but sadness in their lives, and you must not become a mere sadness, so you will not cry, and you say all of this to yourself while looking up at the ceiling, and then you swallow even though your throat does not want to close and you look at the person who loves you and smile.
Where I come from, there's a terrible drought. We saw pictures of your planet on television. We saw the water. In fact, our word for your planet means "planet of water."
Now look at this picture. Look at it hard. Then turn the page. Quiz about the page before. How many wheels on the Cat's waggon? Was there a flag in the house? Was the Cat holding his umbrella? Did the big yellow animal have blue dots? If YOU owned the big yellow animal, what would you call it?
In most cases, there is more to be gained by maximising the performance of the driver than tricking out the car.
I gotta see a man who looks like he might know something, but it can't be done on the phone, if you know what I mean.
Wealth can be very empty when you don't have someone to share it with. But by the time I realised that, no one would have me except men who wanted my money more than I did.
The third great crucible of African-derived religion in the Americas is, of course, Haiti. Due perhaps in part to the difficulties in conducting sustained research in the strife-torn Caribbean nation in recent decades, the literature on Vodou has been slower to develop than that for Candomble and Santeria. Yet a similar historical trajectory may be discerned, beginning with the emergence of distinct neo-African nations, Rada and Petwo, associated with the deities or Iwa of Dahomey and of Kongo/Angola, respectively.
He really had been through death, but he had returned because he could not bear the solitude.
We were sent here for something. And we know that all things work together for good to them that love God, to them who are called according to his purpose.
Well, I don't really think that the end can be assessed as of itself as being the end because what does the end feel like? It's like saying when you try to extrapolate the end of the universe, you say, if the universe is indeed infinite, then how - what does that mean? How far is all the way, and then if it stops, what's stopping it, and what's behind what's stopping it? So, what's the end, you know, is my question to you.
I'm the most terrific liar you ever saw in your life. It's awful. If I'm on my way to the store to buy a magazine, even, and somebody asks me where I'm going, I'm liable to say I'm going to the opera.
Relativity is relatively easy to understand. But there's one aspect of relativity that consistently trips us up. It's this: we not only tend to compare things with one another but also tend to focus on comparing things that are easily comparable, and avoid comparing things that cannot be compared easily.
This made me reflect, how vain an attempt it is for a man to endeavour to do himself honour among those who are out of all degree of equality or comparison with him.
We were all in our late twenties or early-to-middle thirties, yet none had found brides or husbands. Although we were all older than our parents were when they had us, the idaea of having children ourselves still seemed a far-off abstraction.
All I asked was for you to behave like a princess. Even royalty must obey rules. Leave the rest up to the Chancellor and forget about the events in town.
Remember, if the time should come when you have to make a choice between what is right and what is easy, remember what happened to a boy who was good, and kind, and brave, because he strayed across the path of Lord Voldemort. Remember Cedric Diggory.
Today, the world has changed. The Soviet Union has splintered into many nations, and the Cold War has been replaced by a confusing realignment of old friends and enemies. The new head of MI6 thinks Bond is an outdated dinosaur whose only interests are fast cars, women, gambling and vodka martinis. She isn't sure that there is a place for Bond in the new world order.
All that year the animals worked like slaves. But they were happy in their work; they grudged no effort or sacrifice, well aware that everything that they did was for the benefit of themselves and those of their kind who would come after them, and not for a pack of idle, thieving human beings.
I want a one hundred dollar gift card deposited into my locker by noon tomorrow. Preferably to the Gap, but I'd also take Amazon.com, or OfficeMax. Actually, make it OfficeMax - I have my eye on a label maker.
I remember when we used to sit in the government yard in Trenchtown. Observing the hypocrites as they would mingle with the good people we meet. Good friends we had, good friends we lost along the way. In this bright future you can't forget your past, so dry your tears, I say.
There's an old voice in my head that's holding me back. Well, tell her that I miss our little talks.
It's not about changing the world. It's about doing our best to leave the world the way it is. It's about respecting the will of others, and believing in your own.
The reason that most people don't possess these extraordinary physical capabilities isn't because they don't have the capacity for them, but rather because they're satisfied to live in the comfortable rut of homoeostasis and never do the work that is required to get out of it. They live in the world of "good enough."
One of the hardest things to do in a fight is to make it look like you're trying to kill someone without doing any permanent damage. They don't teach any half-moves in combat training. There are moves designed to kill and maim as efficiently as possible. If those are off limits, one option is open your fist right before a punch lands. Painful, but the force is distributed. Another showy option is a kick to the shoulder. You might break a rib or two, but if you aim right, nobody is going to the morgue.
I could easily forgive his pride, if he had not mortified mine.
Ten percent of whatever they were gonna steal. One time, I "accidentally" left the watch case open and I got like 500 bucks!
Look Dave, I can see you're really upset about this. I honestly think you ought to sit down calmly, take a stress pill, and think things over. I know I've made some very poor decisions recently, but I can give you my complete assurance that my work will be back to normal.
The brain can be a tool. It can recall phone numbers, solve math puzzles, or create poetry. In this way, it works for the rest of the body, like a tractor. But when you can't stop thinking of that math problem or phone number, or when troubling thoughts and memories arise without your intent, it's not your brain working, but your mind wandering. Then the mind controls you; then the tractor has run wild.
Historians estimate that breaking Enigma shortened the war by more than two years, saving over 14 million lives. It remained a government-held secret for more than 50 years. Turing's work inspired generations of research into what scientists called "Turing Machines." Today, we call them computers.
The Mercury programme was over. Four years later, astronaut Gus Grissom was killed, along with astronauts White and Chaffee, when fire swept through their Apollo capsule. But on that glorious day in May 1963, Gordo Cooper went higher, farther, and faster than any other American. Twenty-two complete orbits around the world, he was the last American ever to go into space alone. And for a brief moment, Gordo Cooper became the greatest pilot anyone had ever seen.
This business is filled to the brim with unrealistic people who thought their bods aged like wine. If you mean it turns to vinegar, it does. If you mean it gets better with age, it don't. Boxers don't have an old timer's pension.
Allow me first to apologise for this interruption. I do, like many of you, appreciate the comforts of everyday routine - the security of the familiar, the tranquillity of repetition. I enjoy them as much as any bloke.
I know what you think it means, sonny. To me, it's just a made up word. A politician's word, so young fellas like yourself can wear a suit and a tie, and have a job. What do you really want to know? Am I sorry for what I did?
I've seen those big machines come rolling through the quiet pines. Blue suits and bankers with their Volvos and their valentines. Give us this day our daily discount outlet merchandise. Raise up a multiplex and we will make a sacrifice.
How does a ragtag, volunteer army in need of a shower somehow defeat a global superpower? How do we emerge victorious from the quagmire? Leave the battlefield waving Betsy Ross's flag higher.
I don't want to live someone else's idaea of how to live. Don't ask me to do that. I don't want to find out one day that I'm at the end of someone else's life.
I still think about the letter you asked me to write. It nags at me, even though you're gone and there's no one to give it to anymore. Sometimes I work on it in my head, trying to map out the storey you asked me to tell, about everything that happened this past fall and winter. It's all still there, like a movie I can watch when I want to. Which is never.
Has it been five years? Six? It seems like a lifetime, the kind of peak that never comes again. San Francisco in the middle sixties was a very special time and place to be a part of. But no explanation, no mix of words or music or memories can touch that sense of knowing that you were there and alive in that corner of time and the world. Whatever it meant.
A straight line is said to have been cut in extreme and mean ratio when, as the whole line is to the greater segment, so is the greater to the lesser.
In 12th-century Pisa, Italy, the construction firm of Morrelli and Sons, whose members were all afflicted with a genetic disorder in which the left leg was considerably shorter than the right, begin work on a new tower.
Your uncle, Lord Commander Mormont, made that man his steward. He chose Jon to be his successor because he knew he had the courage to do what was right, even if it meant giving his life. Because Jeor Mormont and Jon Snow both understood that the real war isn't between a few squabbling houses, it's between the living and the dead. And make no mistake my lady, the dead are coming.
I thought maybe I'd run to the end of town. And when I got there, I thought maybe I'd just run across Greenbow County. And I figured, since I run this far, maybe I'd just run across the great state of Alabama.
He married out of love a woman out of legend. Not in Alexandria or Rome or Camelot has there been such a queen. She bore him many children. But no sons. King Henry had no sons. He had three whiskered things but he disowned them.
I hate nice girls. If they so much as say hello, it stays on my mind. If they return my texts, my heart races. The day one calls me, I know I'll look at my call history and grin. But I know that's just them being nice. People who are nice to me are also nice to everyone else. I almost end up forgetting that. If the truth is cruel, then lies must be kind. That's why kindness is a lie. I gave up on always expecting it, always mistaking it, and even hoping for it. Someone who's worked hard at being alone doesn't fall for the same trick twice. I'm a veteran at this. I'm the best there is when it comes to losing. That's why I'll always... hate nice girls.
Citizens of Cincinnati, we are being attacked by the godless tornadoes!
You shake my nerves and you rattle my brain; too much love drives a man insane; you broke my will, but what a thrill. Goodness, gracious, great balls of fire, I laughed at love 'cause I thought it was funny; you came along and moved me honey.
Well, now, don't you tell me to smile. You stick around I'll make it worth your while. My number's beyond what you can dial. Maybe it's because we're so versatile. Style, profile, I said. It always brings me back when I hear, "ooh, child!" From the Hudson River out to the Nile. I run the marathon to the very last mile. Well, if you battle me I feel reviled. People always sayin' my style is wild. You've got gall, you've got guile. Step to me. I'm a rap-o-phile. If you want to battle you're in denial. Comin' from Uranus to cheque my style. Go ahead, put my rhymes on trial. Cast you off into exile.
So now I have to decide. Decide whether to let the world be ground under your heel all because I played by my rules. I'm trying to decide. I'm going to kill you. But I need to decide how far I'm willing to go.
A little bit of Monica in my life, a little bit of Erica by my side, a little bit of Rita's all I need, a little bit of Tina's what I see, a little bit of Sandra in the sun, a little bit of Mary all night long, a little bit of Jessica here I am, a little bit of you makes me your man.
They wanted me to build them a bomb so I took their plutonium and in turn gave them a shoddy bomb casing full of used pinball machine parts. Come on! Let's get you a radiation suit. We must prepare to reload.
It didn't stop you from writing it. As if every thought that tumbles through your head was so clever it would be a crime for it not to be shared. The Internet's not written in pencil, Mark, it's written in ink.
A neighbour, a woman, complained to the mayor, Judge Stevens, eight years old.
Well, that idaea might make a stupid idaea feel better about itself.
Nothing was your own except the few cubic centimetres inside your skull.
The Moulin Rouge. A night club, a dance hall and a bordello. Ruled over by Harold Zidler. A kingdom of night time pleasures, where the rich and powerful came to play with the young and beautiful creatures of the underworld. The most beautiful of these was the one I loved. Satine.
It sits there looking at me and I don't know what it is. This case has dealt with metaphysics with questions best left to saints and philosophers. I am neither competent nor qualified to answer those. I've got to make a ruling, to try to speak to the future. Is Data a machine? Yes. Is he the property of Starfleet? No. We have all been dancing around the basic issue. Does Data have a soul? I don't know that he has. I don't know that I have! But I have got to give him the freedom to explore that question himself. It is the ruling of this court that Lieutenant Commander Data has the freedom to choose.
I can't sing a love song like the way it's meant to be. I guess I'm not that good anymore, but baby, that's just me.
I've never tried to keep a specific person alive before, and it's much more troublesome than I would have believed. But that's probably just because it's you. Ordinary people seem to make it through the day without so many catastrophes.
Though understanding the meaning of actions is not directed at uncovering causes, it certainly satisfies some standards of predictive success: the correct interpretation of human actions enables us to navigate successfully in a society of other human beings. When we step back and consider the reliability of the predictions we make regarding the behaviour of others, we cannot fail to be impressed with the implicit theory that growing up in society has provided us.
As he spoke the gleam of the sidelights of a carriage came round the curve of the avenue. It was a smart little landau which rattled up to the door of Briony Lodge. As it pulled up, one of the loafing men at the corner dashed forward to open the door in the hope of earning a copper, but was elbowed away by another loafer, who had rushed up with the same intention. A fierce quarrel broke out, which was increased by the two guardsmen, who took sides with one of the loungers, and by the scissors-grinder, who was equally hot upon the other side.
There is the heat of love, the pulsing rush of longing, the lover's whisper, irresistible - magic to make the sanest man go mad.
He felt that he could not divert people's hatred from himself, because the reason for that hatred was not that he was bad (then he could have tried to be better), but that he was shamefully and repulsively unhappy. For that, for the very fact that his heart was wounded, they would be merciless towards him, as dogs kill a wounded dog howling with pain.
I'm saying you're what's wrong with America, Simpson. You coast through life, you do as little as possible and you leach your decent hardworking people like me.
It is vitally important for us to keep engaging with the world, with people whose lives are different from our own. Travel opens minds and hearts, expands our thinking, and breeds tolerance - all things that are fundamentally good for societies.
I wanted you to see what real courage is, instead of getting the idaea that courage is a man with a gun in his hand. It's when you know you're licked before you begin but you begin anyway and you see it through no matter what. You rarely win, but sometimes you do.
"Sophomore sensation credits her agility and quick first steps to her father who used to take her to a neighbourhood park all covered with cheese." Dana, we got all kinds of sentence construction here. I think he's gonna have to explain that it's the park that's covered with cheese and not the father.
Vincent, Mr. Joe Zasa now owns what used to be the Corleone family business in New York. Out of the kindness of his heart he gave you a job with his family. Contrary to my advice you took the job. I offered you something better. Something in the legitimate world. You turned me down. Now you both come to me with this bad blood. What do you expect me to do? Am I a gangster?
Some drivers actually perform best when there is a little extra incentive - like chasing another car. But be careful you don't get too caught up in what the competition is doing. Focus on your own performance rather than on the competition.
It is at this point in our storey that along comes a spider.
In this grave hour, perhaps the most fateful in our history, I send to every household of my peoples, both at home and overseas, this message, spoken with the same depth of feeling for each one of you, as if I were able to cross your threshold and speak to you myself: for the second time in the lives of most of us, we are at war.
Still, we will let all this be a thing of the past, though it hurts us, and beat down by constraint the anger that rises inside us. Now I am making an end of my anger. It does not become me, unrelentingly to rage on.
If I, Aguirre, want the birds to drop dead from the trees, then the birds will drop dead from the trees. I am the wrath of God. The earth I pass will see me and tremble. But whoever follows me and the river will win untold riches. But whoever deserts...
I'm on the top of the world looking down on creation and the only explanation I can find is the love that I've found ever since you've been around. Your love's put me at the top of the world.
He started running, up and up, until he hurled himself into the air. As he was falling face down, somehow all the years of training in martial arts at once possessed him. His body instinctively adjusted itself and even his arms spread out, swinging to ensure that he wouldn't hurt himself fatally. With a thump his feet landed on the ground.
On my way to see my friends who lived a couple blocks away from me. As I walked through the subway it must have been about quarter past three.
Well, son, I'll tell you: Life for me ain't been no crystal stair. It's had tacks in it and splinters, and boards torn up, and places with no carpet on the floor bare. But all the time I'se been a-climbin' on, and reachin' landin's and turnin' corners, and sometimes goin' in the dark where there ain't been no light. So, boy, don't you turn back. Don't you set down on the steps, cause you finds it's kinda hard. Don't you fall now. For I'se still goin', honey, I'se still climbin', And life for me ain't been no crystal stair.
The paraphrase of Goedel's Theorem says that for any record player, there are records which it cannot play because they will cause its indirect self-destruction.
This business is filled to the brim with unrealistic people who thought their bods aged like wine. If you mean it turns to vinegar, it does. If you mean it gets better with age, it don't. Besides Butch, how many fights you think you got left in you anyway? Two? Boxers don't have an old timer's pension. You came close, but you never made it, and if you were gonna make it, you woulda made it by now.
He sank into the rocking chair, the same one in which Rebecca had sat during the early days of the house to give embroidery lessons, and in which Amaranta had played Chinese chequers with Colonel Gerineldo Marquez, and in which Amarana Ursula had sewn the tiny clothing for the child, and in that flash of lucidity he became aware that he was unable to bear in his soul the crushing weight of so much past.
I'm the tallest of mountains. I am the roughest of waves. I'm the toughest of terrors. I am the darkest of days. I'm the last one that's standing, don't try to stand in my way, cause I've been up against better, just take a look at my face.
What's in a name? That is what we ask ourselves in childhood when we write the name that we are told is ours.
I'd been walking for hours and, as usual, I'd lost track of where I was, when I suddenly realised I'd reached the city limits. I immediately felt happy and, without hesitation, passed beyond the barrier and found myself walking between cultivated fields and meadows.
You're born alone and you die alone, and this world just drops a bunch of rules on top of you to make you forget those facts. But I never forget. I'm living like there's no tomorrow, 'cause there isn't one.
He was so deadly, in fact, that his enemies would go blind from over-exposure to pure awesomeness!
I took up my vocation, I was called by my nation. Without hesitation, my answer I gave. Now I am not wondering the things that I might have been. I'm no consolation to the forgotten brave.
One of the common causes of difficulty in reading for precise, exact, and thorough understanding is proceeding at too rapid a pace. If a pupil has learnt to read quite rapidly to get the main ideas and has tended to habituate this speed, he is likely to adopt it in reading very difficult material or in reading when he wants to understand precisely and thoroughly.
You look in excellent health to me, Potter, so you will excuse me if I don't let you off homework today. I assure you that if you do die, you need not hand it in.
She was feeling the pressure of the world outside and she wanted to see him and feel his presence beside her and be reassured that she was doing the right thing after all.
Picture yourself in a boat on a river, with tangerine trees and marmalade skies. Somebody calls you, you answer quite slowly - a girl with kaleidoscope eyes. Cellophane flowers of yellow and green, towering over your head. Look for the girl with the sun in her eyes and she's gone.
All at sea again, and now my hurricanes, have brought down this ocean rain, to bathe me again. My ship's a-sail, can you hear its tender frame, screaming from beneath the waves, screaming from beneath the waves? All hands on deck at dawn, sailing to sadder shores. Your port in my heavy storms, harbours the blackest thoughts.
Mary Elizabeth is a really nice person underneath the part of her that hates everyone.
Astounding! An actual, functional Mogu construct machine. We cannot allow this to fall into the wrong hands.
And I taught myself how to forget that sometimes life will try to convince you there's such a thing as regret. But I found it to be a lie, the same lie I found when I looked in your eyes after it was said and done.
Hello, I'm Eugene Levy. And yes, I'm an actor. No, I said cappuccino. I'm here to talk to you about something very important. And no, it's not about me or my career. I'm here to talk about subliminal messages in rock and roll music. Or as it's simply known in some cultures, 'rock music'. You see, for years the government has been wisely coercing teenagers to buy products they normally wouldn't want just to get their money.
I would never want to belong to any club that would have someone like me as member. That's the key joke of my adult life in terms of my relationships with women.
There's an old joke, two elderly women are at a Catskills mountain resort, and one of them says, "Boy, the food at this place is really terrible." The other one says, "Yeah, I know, and such small portions!" Well, that's essentially how I feel about life. Full of loneliness, and misery, and suffering, and unhappiness, and it's all over much too quickly.
The milk and cheese and yogurt, which once came from dairy cows that grazed on grass, now typically come from cows that spend their working lives indoors tethered to machines, eating corn.
Now I want you to think and stop being a smart aleck. A man's attitude goes some ways - the way his life will be. Is that something you agree with? So since you agree, you must be someone who does not care about the good life.
The hand that mocked them and the heart that fed. And on the pedestal these words appear: 'My name is Ozymandias, king of kings: Look on my works, ye Mighty, and despair!' Nothing beside remains. Round the decay of that colossal wreck, boundless and bare the lone and level sands stretch far away.
My life is a perfect graveyard of buried hopes. That's a sentence I read once and I say it over to comfort myself in these times that try the soul.
To feel it so like myself, indeed, so brotherly, made me realise that I'd been happy, and that I was happy still. For all to be accomplished, for me to feel less lonely, all that remained to hope was that on the day of my execution there should be a huge crowd of spectators and that they should greet me with howls of execration.
I need you, the reader, to imagine us, for we don't really exist if you don't.
Can I be like everyone, pretending that there's nothing wrong? Remember when we walked upon clouds that never rain? But every cloud must drain.
I must have left my house at eight because I always do. My train, I'm certain, left the station when it was due. I must have read the morning paper going into town, and having gotten through the editorial no doubt I must have frowned.
Suppose you suggest to your husband that subsidised llama farming would set California's economic woes aright, and he takes issue with you on the ground that you are an old bag. He has clearly committed a bad mistake in logic (and perhaps others as well).
This hole was caused by some kind of explosive. Pretty powerful if it tore through the ship's hull. All I detect down there are pools of coolant. We should continue our search somewhere else.
And in the dream I knew that he was goin' on ahead and that he was fixin' to make a fire somewhere out there in all that dark and all that cold, and I knew that whenever I got there he would be there. Out there up ahead.
To some, the rules of etiquette may seem outdated, stuffy and unnecessary, but the fact remains that they serve as a sort of social weed-whacker eliminating unsavoury growths from popping up in the world's finer gardens. The truth is that first impressions are usually lasting ones, and a bad first impression can sometimes be insurmountable.
We stood up for what was right. We fought for moral reasons; we passed laws, struck down laws for moral reasons; we waged wars on poverty, not poor people. We sacrificed; we cared about our neighbours. We put our money where our mouths were, and we never beat our chest. We built great big things, made ungodly technological advances, explored the universe, cured diseases, and we cultivated the world's greatest artists and the world's greatest economy. We reached for the stars, acted like men. We aspired to intelligence; we didn't belittle it; it didn't make us feel inferior. We didn't identify ourselves by who we voted for in our last election and we didn't, we didn't scare so easy.
Glancing through the 1977 Atlanta Yellow Pages reveals a city that had yet to be transformed by the proliferation of ethnic food: only ninety-two out of approximately fifteen hundred restaurants could be classified as non-American.
These contests provided ample opportunity to demonstrate the superiority of alternative keyboard arrangements. That Qwerty survived significant challenges early in the history of typewriting demonstrates that it is at least among the reasonably fit, even if not the fittest that can be imagined.
When I was a lad, I ate four dozen eggs every morning to help me get large, and now that I'm grown, I eat five dozen eggs so I'm roughly the size of a barge!
Other kids' games are all such a bore! They've got to have rules and they gotta keep score! Calvinball is better by far! It's never the same! It's always bizarre! You don't need a team or a referee! You know that it's great, 'cause it's named after me!
We live in a charmed world. If we have money we can buy literally everything. And the majority of us live lifestyles undreamed of only a generation or two ago. One scientist I met recently told me he reckoned that the average household in Europe or North America has so many devices and such a variety of food and clothing that to produce the same lifestyle in Roman times would have required six thousand slaves.
My father died on this floor. Right there. Stabbed 27 times, butchered by men he called his friends. Who will tell me that is not murder? Who will tell my legions, who love Caesar as I do, that that is not murder?! Who will speak against the motion?
Hateful to me as the gates of Hades is that man who hides one thing in his heart and speaks another.
Even if there is only one possible unified theory, it is just a set of rules and equations. What is it that breathes fire into the equations and makes a universe for them to describe? The usual approach of science of constructing a mathematical model cannot answer the questions of why there should be a universe for the model to describe. Why does the universe go to all the bother of existing?
Near, far, wherever you are, I believe that the heart does go on. Once more you open the door and you're here in my heart and my heart will go on and on.
A spaceship from another star. They ask me where all the people are. What do I tell them? Him? I tell them I'm the only one. There was a war but I must have won. Please take me with you.
I drew the blankets over my head and tried to think of Christmas. But the grey face still followed me. It murmured, and I understood that it desired to confess something. I felt my soul receding into some pleasant and vicious region; and there again I found it waiting for me.
The wind was bitterly cold. The snow swirled, blurring his vision. But somewhere ahead, through the blinding storm, he knew there was warmth and light. Using his final strength, and a special knowledge that was deep inside him, Jonas found the sled that was waiting for them at the top of the hill.
There are few people in the world who have more opportunity for getting close to the hot, interesting things of one's time than the special correspondent of a great paper. He is enabled to see "the wheels go round;" has the chance of getting his knowledge at first hand. In stirring times the drama of life is to him like the first night of a play. There are no preconceived opinions for him to go by; he ought not to, at least, be influenced by any prejudices; and the account of the performance is to some extent like that of the dramatic critic, inasmuch as that the verdict of the public or of history has either to confirm or reverse his own judgement.
Losing shouldn't be fun. It's not fun for me. If I'm going to be miserable, you're going to be miserable.
The year 1939 when Charlie Chaplin and his evil nazi regime enslaved Europe in trying to take over the world! But then an even greater force emerged: the UN! And the UN un-nazied the world. Forever!
Maybe our old wounds teach us something. They remind us where we've been and what we've overcome. They teach us lessons about what to avoid in the future. That's what we like to think. But that's not always the way it is. Sometimes there are things we just have to learn over again.
It is known that many of the germs which cause diseases cannot get into the body unless the protecting membranes have first been injured in some way. Thus the germs that cause plague and lockjaw find their way into the system principally through abrasions of the skin. Many physicians have come to believe that the typhoid fever germ cannot get into the body from the intestine where it is taken with our food or drink unless the walls of the intestine have been injured in some way.
Jim said that bees won't sting idiots, but I didn't believe that, because I tried them lots of times myself and they wouldn't sting me.
Everybody stutters one way or the other, so cheque my message to you. As a matter of fact, I'm letting nothing hold you back. If the Scatman can do it, so can you. I'm the Scatman.
I said that I would see you because I had heard that you were a serious man. A man to be treated with respect but I must say no to you and I will give you my reasons. It's true, I have a lot of friends in politics. But they wouldn't be so friendly if they knew my business was drugs instead of gambling which they consider a harmless vice, but drugs, that's a dirty business.
And as we let our own light shine, we unconsciously give other people permission to do the same. As we are liberated from our own fear, our presence automatically liberates others.
Now if there's one thing you can be sure of, it's that nothing is more powerful than a young boy's wish. Except an Apache helicopter. An Apache helicopter has machine guns and missiles. It is an unbelievably impressive complement of weaponry, an absolute death machine.
I'm sure that in 1985 plutonium is available in every corner drugstore but in 1955 it's a little hard to come by.
My youth is slipping, my youth is slipping away. Safe in monotony, so safe, day after day. Count your blessings. Cold wind blows off the lake and I know for sure that it's too late. Count your blessings on one hand.
There will always be exceptions. For instance, when President Richard Milhous Nixon resigned, I led the news with that storey. Looking back, I think I made the right decision.
If I'm curt with you it's because time is a factor. I think fast, I talk fast and I need you guys to act fast if you wanna get out of this. So, pretty please with sugar on top. Clean the car!
You'd think at a certain point all these atypical somethings would amount to a typical something.
Would I rather be feared or loved? Easy, both. I want people to be afraid of how much they love me.
Lush green hills and plains, forests that are filled with rain, canyons that are rusty red, grasslands are as soft as beds. Flashing lightning in the sky, birds do fly so high, lovely breeze makes its way through the trees. A gleaming ocean in daylight, moths flutter throughout the night, colourful birds fly in the sky, clouds in the sunset soar so high. An illuminating sunrise lights the sky to show that Earth will hold us each day that goes by.
The majority of persons with schizophrenia have residual disabilities, such as thinking disorders and auditory hallucinations, that are sufficiently severe that full-time employment is impossible. Many can do part-time jobs, however.
In the not too distant future, next Sunday AD, there was a guy named Joel not too different from you or me. He worked at Gizmonic Institute, just another face in a red jumpsuit. He did a good job cleaning up the place but his bosses didn't like him so they shot him into space.
Let us learn to appreciate there will be times when the trees will be bare, and look forward to the time when we may pick the fruit.
It was the same kind of ominous voice; but these men could by no stretch of imagination be called enemies. They were called criminals, and the outraged law, like the bursting shells, had come to them, an insoluble mystery from the sea.
Three hidden keys open three secret gates wherein the errant will be tested for worthy traits, and those with the skill to survive these straits will reach the end where the prise awaits.
Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere. We are caught in an inescapable network of mutuality, tied in a single garment of destiny. Whatever affects one directly, affects all indirectly.
Perhaps the most serious way in which parasites that are usually harmless may become of great importance is illustrated by their introduction into new regions or, as is more often the case, by the introduction of new hosts into the region where the parasites are found. Under normal conditions the animals of a given region are usually immune to the parasites of the same region.
I know I'm supposed to help you, but I can't. Instead of being your support I'm your weight. Life is very heavy to me, but it is so light to you.
The last thing he said to me, "Doc," he said, "some time when the crew is up against it, and the breaks are beating the boys, tell them to get out there and give it all they got and win just one for the Zipper. I don't know where I'll be then, Doc," he said, "but I won't smell too good, that's for sure."
I'm shakin' the dust of this crummy little town off my feet and I'm gonna see the world. Italy, Greece, the Parthenon, the Colosseum. Then I'm comin' back here to go to college and see what they know. And then I'm gonna build things. I'm gonna build airfields, I'm gonna build skyscrapers a hundred storeys high, I'm gonna build bridges a mile long...
I'm going to roll my window up, then I'm going to drive away, and you're gonna go home to your daughter.
There's lots to see. Nothin' to block your view. Like the mountains back there. They're uh... Well, what the hell? I could've sworn there was a big mountain range back there. Juttin' up into the sky all purple and majestic. I must be thinkin' of a postcard I saw or somethin'. Hey, it is kinda flat, thanks for pointin' that out.
You and your words flooded my senses; your sentences left me defenceless. You built me palaces out of paragraphs; you built cathedrals. I'm re-reading the letters you wrote me; I'm searching and scanning for answers in every line for some kind of sign.
I find I'm so excited, I can barely sit still or hold a thought in my head. I think it's the excitement only a free man can feel, a free man at the start of a long journey whose conclusion is uncertain. I hope I can make it across the border. I hope to see my friend and shake his hand. I hope the Pacific is as blue as it has been in my dreams. I hope.
Mandrake, do you recall what Clemenceau once said about war? He said war was too important to be left to the generals. When he said that, 50 years ago, he might have been right. But today, war is too important to be left to politicians. They have neither the time, the training, nor the inclination for strategic thought.
Because of their scouting skills and peripheral kinaesthetic sensitivity, Ninja customarily surprise their opponents slightly more than half the time.
And for the first time there's no pain in my life. It's been a long hard road that I've gone. We had a good thing and it made me a man. And I know you got me going. Pardon me, my feelings are showing. I'm only saying what's on my mind.
After removal from the oven, the pizza is sliced and plated quickly in a flat cardboard box, which is immediately closed and often taped shut. There is no physical separation after the slicing, so that edge can be ignored and we can treat the pizza, for thermal purposes, as an infinite plane.
You may tell a tale that takes up residence in someone's soul, becomes their blood and self and purpose. That tale will move them and drive them and who knows what they might do because of it, because of your words. That is your role, your gift.
I always feel a certain sense of reverence in libraries, even small city ones that smell like homeless internet users.
It's a blue savanna song: somewhere cross the desert, sometime in the early hours, in a restless world, on the open highways. My home is where the heart is, sweet to surrender, to you only - I send my love to you.
It's a four ton truck, Tyrone, it's not as though it's a packet of peanuts, is it?
I've got you under my skin. I have got you deep in the heart of me, so deep in my heart that you're really a part of me. I've got you under my skin.
Here we go, off the rails, don't you know it's time to raise our sails. It's freedom like you never knew. Don't need bags, or a pass. Say the word I'll be there in a flash. You could say my hat is off to you.
I appreciate your concern, Cortana, but it's not up to me, protocol is clear. Destruction or capture of the shipboard AI is absolutely unacceptable, and that means you're leaving the ship. Lock in a selection of emergency landing zones, upload them to my neural lace and then sort yourself for hard transfer.
The Lord is my shepherd. I shall not want for nothing. He makes me lie down in the green pastures. He greases up my head with oil. He gives me kung-fu in the face of my enemies. Amen.
What's cool about really little kids is that they don't say stuff to try to hurt your feelings, even though sometimes they do say stuff that hurts your feelings. But they don't actually know what they're saying. Big kids, though: they know what they're saying. And that is definitely not fun for me.
The funny thing is, on the outside, I was an honest man, straight as an arrow. I had to come to prison to be a crook.
My apologies. I have a nephew named Anfernee, and I know how mad he gets when I call him Anthony. Almost as mad as I get when I think about the fact that my sister named him Anfernee.
It's funny. All you have to do is say something nobody understands and they'll do practically anything you want them to.
The invention of the wheel represented a major turning point in human civilisation. The first wheels, disks carved from solid wood, may have been built as early as 3500 BC. The earliest use of this device was the potter's wheel, used to spin and shape clay pottery.
It was right before I was to take on my duties of protecting the President's daughter when she was abducted. That's the ultimate reason I'm in this lonely and rural part of Europe. According to our intelligence, there's reliable information of a sighting of a girl that looks very similar to the President's daughter. Apparently she's being withheld by some unidentified group of people. Who would have thought my first job would be a rescue mission?
If we were left solely to the wordy wit of legislators in Congress for our guidance, uncorrected by the seasonable experience and the effectual complaints of the people, America would not long retain her rank among the nations.
So my heart goes out to them. Figuratively. I would never actually entrust my heart to scientists - they'd probably implant it in a baboon. And a baboon with my heart would be practically unstoppable. Baboon strength and agility combined with my determination and media savvy? It would be a threat to all of humanity.
Many typists have not memorised the keyboard. Usually each key is labelled, so nontypists can hunt and peck letter by letter, relying on knowledge in the world and minimising the time required for learning. The problem is that such typing is slow and difficult. With experience, of course, hunt-and-peckers learn the positions of many of the letters on the keyboard, even without instruction, and typing speed increases notably, quickly surpassing handwriting speeds and, for some, reaching quite respectable rates.
He didn't reject the idaea so much as not react to it and watch as it floated away. He thought very broadly of desires and ideas being watched but not acted upon, he thought of impulses being starved of expression and dying out and floating dryly away.
If you worship money and things, if they are where you tap real meaning in life, then you will never have enough, never feel you have enough. It's the truth. Worship your body and beauty and sexual allure and you will always feel ugly. And when time and age start showing, you will die a million deaths before they finally grieve you.
You won't find anyone else like me, you know. You won't find anyone who'd do for you like I've done for you.
Men, in as much as I am the reigning officer in charge here, I feel it would not be wrong to start you on a programme of rehabilitation. What do I mean by rehabilitation? I mean any constructive activity which would bring out the talents you may have.
There was only one catch and that was Catch-22, which specified that a concern for one's safety in the face of dangers that were real and immediate was the process of a rational mind. Orr was crazy and could be grounded. All he had to do was ask; and as soon as he did, he would no longer be crazy and would have to fly more missions.
Mr. Hodge began explaining the point of the hike, something about fitting into nature, finding one's identity through connecting with one's environment. "For the first part of the hike, I want you to walk in complete silence, to really concentrate on what you're seeing around you," he said. "Then we'll stop and chat about what we've discovered in that silence."
While I'm at it why not just shoot my buddy, take his job, give it to his sworn enemy, hike up gas prices, bomb a village, club a baby seal, hit the hash pipe, and join the National Guard? I could be elected president.
He didn't have to know how it would stand if he didn't look at it and moved off to the side.
There is absolutely no inevitability as long as there is a willingness to contemplate what is happening.
Well, you and I have different management styles. I believe work should be fun and you try to crush people's spirits. What's next, Michael? Are you going to make dancing illegal? Is this the tiny town from Footloose?
As the netted bag says, this potato was grown in Idaho, that onion came from a farm in Texas. Move over to Meat, though, and the chain grows longer and less comprehensible: The label doesn't mention that that rib-eye steak came from a steer born in South Dakota and fattened in a Kansas feedlot on grain grown in Iowa.
Apart from the excruciating pain, this is great! I've been waiting for a mighty Vault Hunter to help me reach Sanctuary. I will be your wise leader, and you shall be my fearsome minion!
A long time ago, I was in Burma, my friends and I were working for the local government. They were trying to buy the loyalty of tribal leaders by bribing them with precious stones. But their caravans were being raided in a forest north of Rangoon by a bandit. So we went looking for the stones. But in six months, we never found anyone who traded with him. Then, one day I saw a child playing with a ruby the size of a tangerine. The bandit had been throwing them away.
My idaea of a perfect government is one guy who sits in a small room at a desk, and the only thing he's allowed to decide is who to nuke. The man is chosen based on some kind of IQ test, and maybe also a physical tournament, like a decathlon. And women are brought to him, maybe... when he desires them.
If we play Bach on an old and well-preserved Silbermann organ, both players and hearers are as little conscious as the master himself was of the need for frequent changes of register, for on such an instrument the diapasons and mixtures gave a forte so rich, intense, full-coloured, and yet in no wise fatiguing, that we can, if need be, preserve it unchanged throughout a prelude or a fugue.
I would never want to forfeit my genders. Along with Aunt Augusta, I would rather say to the English language that to lose one gender may be regarded as a misfortune; to lose both looks like carelessness.
He gazed up at the enormous face. Forty years it had taken him to learn what kind of smile was hidden beneath the dark moustache. O cruel, needless misunderstanding! O stubborn, self-willed exile from the loving breast! Two gin-scented tears trickled down the sides of his nose. But it was all right, everything was all right, the struggle was finished. He had won the victory over himself.
I would rather not have upset him, but I couldn't see any reason to change my life. Looking back on it, I wasn't unhappy. When I was a student, I had lots of ambitions like that. But when I had to give up my studies I learnt very quickly that none of it really mattered.
We all have such fateful objects - it may be a recurrent landscape in one case, a number in another - carefully chosen by the gods to attract events of specific significance for us: here shall John always stumble; there shall Jane's heart always break.
Fernanda, on the other hand, looked for it in vain along the paths of her everyday itinerary without knowing that the search for lost things is hindered by routine habits and that is why it is so difficult to find them.
Excuse me. You have one of the largest auras I've ever seen. Green and black. It's been taking up this whole room. I just... I had to say something. You must have had hundreds of lives.
We travelled by the Underground as far as Aldersgate; and a short walk took us to Saxe-Coburg Square, the scene of the singular storey which we had listened to in the morning. It was a poky, little, shabby-genteel place, where four lines of dingy two-storied brick houses looked out into a small railed-in enclosure, where a lawn of weedy grass and a few clumps of faded laurel bushes made a hard fight against a smoke-laden and uncongenial atmosphere.
You can run far, you can take your small precautions. But have you really gotten away? Can you ever escape? Or is it the truth that you did not have the strength or cunning to hide from destiny? That the world is not small. You are. And, fate can find you anywhere.
A book, to me, is almost sacrosanct: such an individual and private thing. The reader brings his or her own history and beliefs and concerns, and reads in solitude, creating each scene from his own imagination as he does. There is no fellow ticket-holder in the next seat.
But I really believe that there are more good people on this earth than bad people, and the good people watch out for each other and take care of each other.
I'm not the one who's lost with no direction, but you'll never see. You're so busy making masks with my name on them in all caps. You got the talking down, just not the listening.
He knew everything there was to know about literature, except how to enjoy it.
My daddy's a lazy middle class intellectual. My mommy's on Valium, so ineffectual. Ain't life a mystery, yeah?
Well, when Johnny was first starting out, he was signed to a personal services contract with this big-band leader. And as his career got better and better, he wanted to get out of it. But the band leader wouldn't let him. Now, Johnny is my father's godson. So my father went to see this bandleader and offered him $10,000 to let Johnny go, but the bandleader said no. So the next day, my father went back, only this time with Luca Brasi. Within an hour, he had a signed release for a certified cheque of $1000.
Use the power of your word in the direction of truth and love.
My friend, I shall be pedagogic, and say you ought to start with Logic. Even eating and drinking, so easy and free, can only be done with One, Two, Three.
Now listen up! Back in my day, we didn't have fancy tanks! We had sticks. Two sticks and a rock for the entire platoon! And we had to share the rock! You should consider yourself very lucky marines!
One day in Boston, I was in Harvard Square. I saw a cover of Popular Electronics with this thing that looked like what I had been imagining, and so I grabbed it off the shelf, I looked at it and I bought it and I ran back to Bill's dorm, and I think he was probably playing poker that night and usually losing money at that point. One of the few times when that's been the case.
Someone who takes an undemanding job because it affords him the time to pursue other interests and activities is considered a flake. A person who abandons a career in order to stay home and raise children is considered not to be living up to his potential. As if a job title and salary are the sole measure of human worth. You'll be told in a hundred ways, some subtle and some not, to keep climbing and never be satisfied with where you are, who you are, and what you're doing. There are a million ways to sell yourself out, and I guarantee you'll hear about them. To invent your own life's meaning is not easy, but it's still allowed, and I think you'll be happier for the trouble.
We are the bright new stars born of a screaming black hole, the nascent suns burst from the darkness, from the grasping void of space that folds and swallows - a darkness that would devour anyone not as strong as we. We are oddities, sideshows, talk show subjects. We capture everyone's imagination.
And though my journeys did take me to a great many states, and covered a great many miles, at the very end of these food chains (which is to say, at the very beginning), I invariably found myself in almost exactly the same place: a farm field in the American Corn Belt.
Your friend, Mr. Lincoln had his Taylors and Paines. So did every other man who ever tried to lift his thought up off the ground. Odds against them didn't stop those men. They were fools that way. All the good that ever came into this world came from fools with faith like that. You know that, Jeff. You can't quit now. Not you. They aren't all Taylors and Paines in Washington. That kind just throw big shadows, that's all.
Look, when I came here, my eyes were big blue question marks. Now they're big green dollar marks.
Helping people better manage their upsetting feeling - anger, anxiety, depression, pessimism, and loneliness - is a form of disease prevention. Since the data show that the toxicity of these emotions, when chronic, is on a par with smoking cigarettes, helping people handle them better could potentially have a medical payoff as great as getting heavy smokers to quit.
Oh, you're leaving... I always knew that one day, this day would come. I've always known we're so different, and I'm not sad, because you have a lot ahead of you. I want you to take this. Don't forget me.
Some have a positive vocation for breaking open safes: from their tenderest childhood they are attracted by the mysteries of every kind of complicated mechanism - bicycles, sewing machines, clock-work toys and watches. Finally, gentlemen, there are people with an hereditary animus against private property.
On the eve of a day that's forgotten and fake and the trees they await and clouds anticipate the start of a day when we put on our face a mask that portrays that we don't need grace. On the eve of a day that is bigger than us but we open our eyes because we're told that we must and the trees wave their arms and the clouds try to plead, desperately yelling there's something we need. I'm not free, I asked forgiveness three times, same amount that I denied; I three-time MVPed this crime. I'm afraid to tell you who I adore, won't tell you who I'm singing towards.
There is something about yourself that you don't know. Something that you will deny even exists, until it's too late to do anything about it. It's the only reason you get up in the morning. We share an addiction. We're approval junkies. We're all in it for the slap on the back and the gold watch.
The National Rifle Association says that, "Guns don't kill people, uh, people do." But I think, I think the gun helps. You know? I think it helps. I just think just standing there going, "Bang!" That's not going to kill too many people, is it? You'd have to be really dodgy on the heart to have that.
And as we wind on down the road, our shadows taller than our soul, there walks a lady we all know who shines white light and wants to show how everything still turns to gold. And if you listen very hard the tune will come to you at last.
Once you get into the processed foods you have to be a fairly determined ecological detective to follow the intricate and increasingly obscure lines of connection linking the Twinkie, or the nondairy creamer, to a plant growing in the earth some place, but it can be done.
And though it's always been with me, I must tear down the wall and let it be. All I am, and all that I was ever meant to be, in harmony, shining true and smiling back at all who wait to cross. There is no loss.
And yeah, I believe that there's a god. I believe that there is something out there other than my thoughts. I believe it was never science against religion; it wasn't poor against wealth; it was always me against myself, and I'm so scared who's going to win.
Right now there are three people in chat, but there's no way of knowing exactly who until you are in there, and the chat room she finds not so comforting.
You can have my answer now, if you like. My final offer is this: nothing. Not even the fee for the gaming licence, which I would appreciate if you would put up personally.
I drive by this place a lot and I see you here. I see a lot of people around you.
For one who contradicts emptiness there would be nothing that ought to be done; activity would be uninitiated and an agent would be non-acting.
Language is one of the keys to being human. It allows us to communicate with other human beings and to leave a legacy of our thoughts and actions for future generations. The dominant temporal lobe helps to process sounds and written words into meaningful information.
Flinging the history of inflicted pain into the perfect teeth of those who glibly counsel us to live in the moment, I am forced to remember how much of that pain was caused by persons who did no such thing; that is, by those so bloated with duty and futurity that they puked all over history. I must rein in my horses at the point of collision (and intellectual collusion) with the sacred obligations of victorious warriors, the glorious destinies of the proletarian state and the master race, not to mention the prerogatives of the one true faith.
An investment operation is one, which upon thorough analysis, promises safety of principal and a satisfactory return. Operations not meeting these requirements are speculative.
At that time, I often thought that if I had had to live in the trunk of a dead tree, with nothing to do but look up at the sky flowing overhead, little by little I would have gotten used to it.
The odds are that you will generally meet the worst of them. The reason is that men who have something going for them in their lives, men who passionately live life with a purpose, are usually too busy living their dreams to hang out "trolling for chicks."
Dreams are just your brain processing random rigmarole it couldn't find a place for: it don't mean nothin'. Except you feel guilty about kissing Olive when you want to be kissing some dead girl you can't.
If our civilisation goes the way of the dodo and the remnants of our culture are buried in layers, we will certainly have some nasty surprises for future archaeologists. Between used razor blades and pop top can tabs, we will literally keep future diggers on their toes, or at least in very durable shoes.
Now calm down. The best thing we can do is go on with our daily routine.
I'd sacrifice anything come what might for the sake of having you near in spite of a warning voice that comes in the night and repeats, repeats in my ear.
Zigzagging back and forth through history this way can make you dizzy - you can get vertigo from moving through time as well as space - but it's a lovely disorientation.
I was selfish to assume you loved me more than you loved yourself even though I've never felt the same.
Well, may I ask what you expected to see out of a Torquay hotel bedroom window? Sydney Opera House, perhaps? The Hanging Gardens of Babylon? Herds of wildebeest sweeping majestically...?
You're gonna stay here if I have to go inside and call your chief of police and have him remind you of what he told you to do. But I don't think I have to do that, you see? No, because you're so damn smart. You're smarter than any white man. You're just gonna stay here and show us all. You've got such a big head that you could never live with yourself unless you could put us all to shame. You wanna know something, Virgil? I don't think that you could let an opportunity like that pass by.
I still don't know what it really means to grow up. However, if I happen to meet you, one day in the future, by then, I want to become someone you can be proud to know.
If cows and horses or lions had hands, or could draw with their hands and make things as men can, horses would have drawn horse-like gods, cows cow-like gods, and each species would have made the gods' bodies just like their own.
I've been quite open about this around the office: I don't want this parks department to build any parks, because I don't believe in government. I think that all government is a waste of taxpayer money. My dream is to have the park system privatised and run entirely for profit by corporations.
They say the past is etched in stone, but it isn't. It's smoke trapped in a closed room, swirling, changing, buffeted by the passing of years and wishful thinking. But even though our perception of it changes, one thing remains constant: the past can never be completely erased. It lingers, like the scent of burning wood.
We all know that something is eternal. And it ain't houses and it ain't names, and it ain't earth, and it ain't even the stars... everybody knows in their bones that something is eternal, and that something has to do with human beings. All the greatest people ever lived have been telling us that for five thousand years and yet you'd be surprised how people are always losing hold of it. There's something way down deep that's eternal about every human being.
Contrary to my advice you took the job. I offered you something better. Something in the legitimate world.
It turned out that the sweet-talking, tattoo-sporting pikey was a gypsy bare-knuckle boxing champion. Which makes him harder than a coffin nail. Right now, that's the last thing on Tommy's mind. If Gorgeous doesn't wake up in the next few minutes, Tommy knows he'll be buried with him.
They had taken it all away from him now, they had turned away from him and there was nothing for him now. He was alone and there was nothing for him.
But the two men were not lonely at all. At home they were content to eat and drink, and Singer would talk with his hands eagerly to his friend about all that was in his mind. So the years passed in this quiet way until Singer reached the age of thirty-two.
You got a fetish for my love. I push you out and you come right back. Don't see a point in blaming you.
And then what did he do? Did he train you? Did he rehearse you? Did he tell you exactly what to do, what to say? You were a very apt pupil too, weren't you? You were a very apt pupil! Well, why did you pick on me? Why me?
Culture was the saeed of proliferation but it's gotten melded into an inharmonic whole, to an inharmonic whole. Consciousness has plagued us and we cannot shake it though we think we're in control, though we think we're in control. Questions that besiege us in life are testament of our helplessness.
My entire life had been on a predictable trajectory dominated by a couple of university degrees and thirteen years of white-collar employment. My identity was defined by my career. I now planned a radical shift, a big leap into the unknown: from corporate executive to unemployed guy setting up libraries in the Himalayas.
Do you know why you're not afraid to die, Spock? You're more afraid of living. Each day you stay alive is just one more day you might slip and let your human half peek out. That's it, isn't it? Insecurity. Why, you wouldn't know what to do with a genuine, warm, decent feeling.
They got an apartment with deep pile carpet and a couple of paintings from Sears. A big waterbed that they bought with the bread they had saved for a couple of years.
These memories lose their meaning when I think of love as something new, though I know I'll never lose affection for people and things that went before. I know I'll often stop and think about them.
You know a dream is like a river ever changing as it flows and a dreamer's just a vessel that must follow where it goes. Trying to learn from what's behind you and never knowing what's in store makes each day a constant battle just to stay between the shores.
You're not going through it. It's going through you. And once it's all gone, you become the new you, with a different perspective from the same point of view, fully unaffected by the old truth you once knew. Connected at the roots, to the trunk, to the branches, to the leaves and the way they fly away when wind dances. A frantic see saw free fall in mid air that represents the floating folly of us being here, we're complicated creatures huh?
Really knowing is good. Not knowing, or refusing to know, is bad, or amoral, at least. You can't act if you don't know. Acting without knowing takes you right off the cliff.
Even the best fall down sometimes. Even the stars refuse to shine. Out of the back you fall in time, you somehow find, you and I collide.
In the name of Annah the Allmaziful, the Everliving, the Bringer of Plurabilities, haloed be her eve, her singtime sung, her rill be run, unhemmed as it is uneven!
In general, many of these targets are easier marks if you are wearing the correct uniform. You should always have one suit or fashionable dress outfit hanging in the closet for the proper heists.
In short order, Carter then proceeded to kill any chance he had of securing reelection. In American political discourse, fundamental threats are by definition external. Nazi Germany, Imperial Japan, or international communism could threaten the United States. Yet Carter now dared to suggest that the real danger to American democracy lay within.
You are the most important thing to me now. The most important thing to me ever.
No. You're just a murderer, Light Yagami. And this notebook is the deadliest weapon of mass murder in the history of mankind. You yielded to the power of the shinigami and the notebook and you have confused yourself with a god. In the end, you're nothing more than a crazy serial killer. That's all you are. Nothing more, and nothing less.
It was unbelievable, but perhaps only the unbelievable could be believed. Perhaps the truth was always a lie.
Ronald Reagan? The actor? Then who's Vice President? Jerry Lewis? I suppose Jane Wyman is the First Lady! And Jack Benny is Secretary of the Treasury. I've had enough practical jokes for one evening. Good night, future boy!
Maybe I'm foolish, maybe I'm blind thinking I can see through this and see what's behind. Got no way to prove it, so maybe I'm blind. But I'm only human after all. Don't put your blame on me.
I can teach you how to bewitch the mind and ensnare the senses. I can teach you how to bottle fame, brew glory, and even put a stopper in death. However it seems some of you have come to class to not PAY attention.
Get it straight buster - I'm not here to say please, I'm here to tell you what to do and if self-preservation is an instinct you possess you'd better do it and do it quick! I'm here to help - if my help is not appreciated then lots of luck, gentlemen.
Commas and periods always go inside quotation marks. Colons and semicolons always go outside quotation marks. Question marks and exclamation points go inside quotation marks when they apply to the quoted material only. They go outside when they apply to the entire sentence.
My dear, here we must run as fast as we can, just to stay in place. And if you wish to go anywhere you must run twice as fast as that.
Well we're living here in Allentown and they're closing all the factories down. Out in Bethlehem they're killing time, filling out forms, standing in line.
Remembering you standing quiet in the rain as I ran to your heart to be near. And we kissed as the sky fell in holding you close how I always held close in your fear.
Will the witness please state his name and occupation.
Of course he has a knife, he always has a knife, we all have knives! It's 1183 and we're barbarians!
Perhaps love is like a window, perhaps an open door. It invites you to come closer. It wants to show you more. And even if you lose yourself, and don't know what to do, the memory of love will see you through.
It also occurred to him that throughout history, humankind has told two storeys: the storey of a lost ship sailing the Mediterranean seas in quest of a beloved isle, and the storey of a god who allows himself to be crucified on Golgotha.
Difference in opinions has cost many millions of lives: for instance, whether flesh be bread, or bread be flesh; whether the juice of a certain berry be blood or wine.
Man, do not pride yourself on your superiority to the animals, for they are without sin, while you, with all your greatness, you defile the earth wherever you appear and leave an ignoble trail behind you - and that is true, alas, for almost every one of us!
Adios rock band that we loved the most, this is a toast to what you did, and all that you were fighting for. Who could do more, when time marches on? Words come and go, we will sing the melodies that you did long ago.
I'm not exactly the expert on this sort of thing - for that you'll have to cheque in with Sam Carter when you get to Liberty Island - but remember that there's any number of other ways to open a door, including using explosives or finding a security computer.
Crude and bad, 'cause we're from the wrong side of the lily pad.
Indonesia is a nation of islands - more than seventeen thousand in all, spread along the equator between the Indian and Pacific Oceans.
It's the questions we can't answer that teach us the most. They teach us how to think. If you give a man an answer, all he gains is a little fact. But give him a question and he'll look for his own answers.
Kid, I've flown from one side of this galaxy to the other, and I've seen a lot of strange stuff. But I've never seen anything to make me believe that there's one all-powerful Force controlling everything. There's no mystical energy field that controls MY destiny.
The shearers' hut had bark walls and a tin roof. The floors were dirt and there was a long table down the centre of the shed. Three tiers of bunks ran all the way around each wall. Paddy dropped his bedroll onto one of the bunks. After sleeping on the ground for months, a hessian sack filled with chaff felt like heaven.
You can work back to God from the phenomenal universe, or you can move from the Creator to the phenomenal universe. Each implies the other. The Creator would not be the Creator if there were no universe, and the universe would cease to be if the Creator did not sustain it. The Creator does not exist prior to the universe in time; he does not exist in time at all. God creates the universe constantly; he is with it, not above or behind it. This is impossible to understand for you because you are a created thing and exist in time. But eventually you will return to your Creator and then you will again no longer exist in time.
You keep using that word. I do not think it means what you think it means.
Whoever talks about what does not concern him often hears what does not please him.
Years ago my mother used to say to me, "In this world, Elwood, you must be oh so smart or oh so pleasant." Well, for years I was smart. I recommend pleasant.
Three changes occur while the stacked disk structure equilibrates with the high-temperature oven. First, the layer of dough bakes into bread, a low-water-content material with a large number of nonconnecting small air spaces. Second, the tomato paste dehydrates, and third, the mozzarella undergoes a complex series of transitions involving protein denaturation and lipid rearrangement from regular liquid crystal to more disordered states.
She, who always seems so happy in a crowd, whose eyes can be so private and so proud. No one's allowed to see them when they cry. She may be the love that cannot hope to last. May come to me from shadows of the past that I'll remember till the day I die.
The life pods are launching. We should hurry. The Covenant are destroying the life pods. Warning: blast doors closing. We have to use the ship's maintenance access ways. Follow the navpoint, it will lead you to an opening.
I used to love travelling on the trains from town to town. The hotels... brass spittoons in the lobbies, brass beds in the rooms. It was the crowd, rising to their feet when the ball was hit deep. Shoot, I'd play for nothing!
Among other things, you'll find that you're not the first person who was ever confused and frightened and even sickened by human behaviour. You're by no means alone on that score, you'll be excited and stimulated to know. Many, many men have been just as troubled morally and spiritually as you are right now. Happily, some of them kept records of their troubles. You'll learn from them - if you want to. Just as someday, if you have something to offer, someone will learn something from you. It's a beautiful reciprocal arrangement. And it isn't education. It's history. It's poetry.
Pulp: a soft, moist, shapeless mass or matter.
No one in the history of torture's been tortured with torture like the torture you'll be tortured with!
I saw a strange thing today. Some rebels were being arrested. One of them pulled the pin on a grenade. He took himself and the captain of the command with him. Now, soldiers are paid to fight; the rebels aren't.
Like you said, I am a terrifying political animal. So I want to be clear: I will not attend any more of those meetings again. If any of this comes up, I will deny, deny, deny. And if anyone ever asks me about Defiance...
In the witch trials, it was nearly impossible to provide compelling alibis for accused witches: The rules of evidence had a special character. For example, in more than one case a husband attested that his wife was asleep in his arms at the very moment she was accused of frolicking with the devil; but the archbishop patiently explained that a demon had taken the place of the wife.
The blade is as good as though it had just come out of the grindstone.
Remember that humour is written backwards. That means you first find the cliche you want to work on, then build a storey around it.
As I wander through this dark and lonely forest of life surrounded by various beasts... Bears, vipers, squirrels. Not to mention small tree growing lichen, woodpeckers, slugs, Gila monsters. Oh no, that's the desert.
A man of genius makes no mistakes. His errors are volitional and are the portals of discovery.
One ring to rule them all, one ring to find them, one ring to rule them all, and in the darkness bind them.
Ladies and gentlemen of this supposed jury, I have one final thing I want you to consider. Ladies and gentlemen, this is Chewbacca. Chewbacca is a Wookiee from the planet Kashyyyk. But Chewbacca lives on the planet Endor. Now think about it; that does not make sense!
If you want truth, you should begin by giving it.
I have stones to sell, fat to chew, and many different men to see about many different ducks, so if I am not rushing you...
There is more than one kind of freedom: freedom to and freedom from. In the days of anarchy, it was freedom to. Now you are being given freedom from. Don't underrate it.
We were playing chequers. I used to kid her once in a while because she wouldn't take her kings out of the back row. But I didn't kid her much though. You never wanted to kid Jane too much. I think I really like it best when you can kid the pants off a girl when the opportunity arises, but it's a funny thing. The girls I like best are ones I never feel much like kidding.
See, in the perfect world, I would be perfect, world. I don't trust people enough beyond the surface world. I don't love people enough to put my faith in men, I put my faith in these lyrics, hoping I make amend.
There are all sorts of dream interpretations, Freud's being the most notorious, but I have always believed they served a simple eliminatory function, and not much more - that dreams are the psyche's way of taking a good dump every now and then.
When I was a kid, you never saw radicchio in the produce section, or a half dozen different kinds of mushrooms, or kiwis and passion fruit and durians and mangoes. Indeed, in the last few years a whole catalogue of exotic species from the tropics has colonised, and considerably enlivened, the produce department.
Say it ain't so, I will not go. Turn the lights off, carry me home.
John-boy, lemme tell you something. You know, them chains ain't medals. You get 'em for making mistakes. And you make a bad enough mistake, and then you gotta deal with the Man. And he is one rough old boy.
Why would a Wookiee, an 8-foot-tall Wookiee, want to live on Endor, with a bunch of 2-foot-tall Ewoks? That does not make sense! But more important, you have to ask yourself: What does this have to do with this case? Nothing. Ladies and gentlemen, it has nothing to do with this case! It does not make sense! Look at me. I'm a lawyer defending a major record company, and I'm talkin' about Chewbacca! Does that make sense? Ladies and gentlemen, I am not making any sense! None of this makes sense! And so you have to remember, when you're in that jury room deliberatin' and conjugatin' the Emancipation Proclamation, does it make sense? No! Ladies and gentlemen of this supposed jury, it does not make sense! If Chewbacca lives on Endor, you must acquit! The defence rests.
You know, for fifteen years I've been looking for these damn silly lights in the night sky. I've never found any. I'd like to because I believe in life elsewhere.
Are you, are you coming to the tree? Where they strung up a man, they say who murdered three. Strange things did happen here, no stranger would it be, if we met at midnight in the hanging tree.
Yet one fine day, in a fit of euphoria, after he had picked up the telephone and taken an order for bonds that had brought him a fifty thousand dollar commission, just like that, this very phrase had bubbled up into his brain. On Wall Street he and a few others had become precisely that - Masters of the Universe.
Donning his new canine decoder, Professor Schwartzman becomes the first human being on Earth to hear what barking dogs are actually saying.
When Zarathustra was thirty years old, he left his home and the lake of his home, and went into the mountains. There he enjoyed his spirit and his solitude, and for ten years did not weary of it.
For one, a lot of commercial cooking is designed to appeal to the palate via a salty, fatty, or sugary assault on the senses.
I'd been asked this question hundreds of times over the years.
In order to become an elf I filled out ten pages' worth of forms, took a multiple choice personality test, underwent two interviews and a drug test.
If you're willing to go through the battling to get to where you wanna get, who's got the right to stop you? Maybe you guys got something you never finished, something you really wanna do, something you never said to somebody - something! And you're told no, even after you pay your dues. Who's got the right to tell you that? Who? Nobody!
Live a good life. If there are gods and they are just, they will not care how devout you have been, but will welcome you based on the virtues you have lived by. If there are gods, but unjust, then you should not want to worship them. If there are no gods, then you will be gone, but will have lived a noble life that will live on in the memories of your loved ones.
To drive out of the Central Valley of California on a hot day and into San Francisco is to feel like you're landing on another planet. Over our two-hour drive, the temperature went from nearly a hundred to the middle sixties. The visual disparity was as dramatic. On one side of the bay was a day so bright you'd have to squint with the visor down and your sunglasses on. As we crossed into the fog, it didn't seem possible that two such environments could exist side by side.
It's hard to believe when your mind is lost and in need, and all you can picture is a memory inside of someone else's sheets. A prayer that nothing will keep; a hope that light will seek before the dark sinks too deep, or at least the sinking feeling inside of me will decrease when the release of perceived dreams burn in the flame of feeling free.
Knew he was a killer, first time that I saw him. Wonder how many girls he had loved and left haunted. But if he's a ghost then, I can be a phantom, holding him for ransom. Some, some boys are trying too hard, he don't try at all though. Younger than my exes but he act like such a man so. I see nothing better, I keep him forever, like a vendetta.
I'm so happy because today I've found my friends. They're in my head. I'm so ugly, but that's okay, 'cause so are you. We broke our mirrors. Sunday morning is everyday for all I care and I'm not scared. Light my candles in a daze 'cause I've found God.
As you know the concept of the suction pump is centuries old. Really that's all this is except that instead of sucking water I'm sucking life. I've just sucked one year of your life away. I might one day go as high as five but I really don't know what that would do to you. So let's just start with what we have. What did this do to you? Tell me. And remember, this is for posterity so be honest. How do you feel?
The syllogism consists of propositions, propositions consist of words, words are symbols of notions. Therefore if the notions themselves (which is the root of the matter) are confused and over hastily abstracted from the facts, there can be no firmness in the super structure. Our only hope therefore lies in a true induction.
You've beaten my giant, which means you're exceptionally strong so you could've put the poison in your own goblet trusting on your strength to save you so I can clearly not choose the wine in front of you. But you've also bested my Spaniard, which means you must have studied and in studying you must have learnt that man is mortal so you would have put the poison as far from yourself as possible so I can clearly not choose the wine in front of me.
Corn is what feeds the steer that becomes the steak. Corn feeds the chicken and the pig, the turkey and the lamb, the catfish and the tilapia and, increasingly, even the salmon, a carnivore by nature that the fish farmers are reengineering to tolerate corn. The eggs are made of corn. The milk and cheese and yogurt, which once came from dairy cows that grazed on grass, now typically come from cows that spend their working lives indoors tethered to machines, eating corn.
It's the possibility of having a dream come true that makes life interesting, he thought, as he looked again at the position of the sun, and hurried his pace. He had suddenly remembered that, in Tarifa, there was an old woman who interpreted dreams.
The man that I named The Giver passed along to the boy knowledge, history, memories, colour, pain, laughter, love, and truth. Every time you place a book in the hands of a child, you do the same thing. It is very risky. But each time a child opens a book, he pushes open the gate that separates him from Elsewhere. It gives him choices. It gives him freedom. Those are magnificent, wonderfully unsafe things.
Most of his visitors, brash emissaries of a new ruling class, barely aware of their own youthful hubris, did not completely grasp the layered meaning of the couplet they had been offered, like a snack to be washed down by a thimble-sized cup of thick, sweet tea. They understood of course that it was a dirge for a fallen empire whose international borders had shrunk to a grimy ghetto circumscribed by the ruined walls of an old city.
Don't make assumptions - find the courage to ask questions and to express what you really want. Communicate with others as clearly as you can to avoid misunderstandings, sadness and drama. With just this one agreement, you can completely transform your life.
I have not broken your heart - you have broken it; and in breaking it, you have broken mine.
A tinker's debt is always paid: Once for any simple trade. Twice for freely-given aid. Thrice for any insult made.
There are two kinds of fibres in our muscles, red and white. When an athlete trains for long distance running, he or she builds more red muscle fibres than white muscle fibres in his calf muscles. A sprinter has more white muscles. If you retrain a marathon runner to be a sprinter, most of the muscle fibres will convert to white muscles.
Anna spoke not only naturally and intelligently, but intelligently and casually, without attaching any value to her own thoughts, yet giving great value to the thoughts of the one she was talking to.
Stretching improves flexibility. By gradually stretching the major muscle groups, you can increase your flexibility. The main benefit is to reduce the risk of injury while involved in sports or in normal daily activities such as bending, reaching and lifting.
I dream of the things I'll do with a subway token and a dollar tucked inside my shoe. There'll be a load of compromisin' on the road to my horizon.
Well, isn't this great, we've all learnt something. Tony can't choose who his sister's gonna fall for, Monica can't choose who she's gonna fall for, and I think that I've learnt the greatest lesson of all. I love being lifted.
There is little agreement about the timing and causation of African demographic change after 1900 due to the paucity or poor quality of the statistical resources for much of the modern period. Before 1900, the data are infinitely worse but the debates are no less heated. Yet this lack of consensus is relatively new. Until the 1960s, there was general agreement that the continent's precolonial population had been low and largely stable, limited by violence, slaving, social and economic obstacles to rapid growth such as prolonged breastfeeding and the absence of secure land tenure, and exceptionally high disease loads.
I also worked on their hydraulic system. If you ask me, I don't think one of those guys has seen a generator before in his life.
They don't want the classic horror films anymore. Today it's all giant bugs. Giant spiders, giant grasshoppers... Who would believe such nonsense?
Few smart kids can spare the attention that popularity requires. Unless they also happen to be good-looking, natural athletes, or siblings of popular kids, they'll tend to become nerds. And that's why smart people's lives are worst between, say, the ages of eleven and seventeen. Life at that age revolves far more around popularity than before or after.
A freedom fighter learns the hard way that it is the oppressor who defines the nature of the struggle and the oppressed is often left no recourse but to use methods that mirror those of the oppressor. At a point, one can only fight fire with fire.
I know you know we've had some good times. Now they have their own hiding place. I can promise you tomorrow but I can't buy back yesterday.
Everybody's talking about revolution, evolution, mastication, flagellation, regulation, integrations, mediations, United Nations, congratulations. All we are saying is give peace a chance.
Me? I'm dishonest, and a dishonest man you can always trust to be dishonest. Honestly, it's the honest ones you want to watch out for, because you can never predict when they're going to do something incredibly stupid.
Teachers want us to work, and I say, "Fine, I'll work. But you've gotta let me do the kind of work that I wanna do." And for me, it's my drum kit, man. This is my passion. This is the essence of who I am now. But before I had this, I was lost, too. You see what I'm saying? You need to find your reason for living. You've gotta find your big, gigantic drum kit.
I made a very important discovery at Camp Currie. Happiness consists in getting enough sleep. Just that, nothing more.
We'd like to know a little bit about you for our files. We'd like to help you learn to help yourself. Look around you, all you see are sympathetic eyes. Stroll around the grounds until you feel at home.
Let's take a drive into the middle of nowhere with a packet of Marlboro lights and talk about our lives.
Instead of hiring workers during the peak hog kill in the winter and then laying them off when the work slowed down, Jay had instituted a system of paying workers a steady wage year-round. A 1937 Fortune magazine article about this and other progressive labour policies at Hormel might well shock those familiar only with the company's labour relations in the 1980s.
Run to the bedroom, in the suitcase on the left, you'll find my favourite axe. Don't look so frightened, this is just a passing phase - just one of my bad days. Would you like to watch TV? Or get between the sheets? Or contemplate the silent freeway? Would you like something to eat? Would you like to learn to fly? Would you like to see me try? Would you like to call the cops? Do you think it's time I stopped? Why are you running away...
The only preventive thing I do is wash clothes after buying them in a thrift shop - this after catching crabs from a pair of used pants. I was in my midtwenties at the time and probably would have itched myself all the way to the bone had a friend not taken me to a drugstore.
I was eleven years old and when I was strong enough I dedicated my life to the study of fencing. So the next time we meet I will not fail. I will go up to the six-fingered man and say, "Hello. My name is Inigo Montoya. You killed my father. Prepare to die."
I don't care who you are, where you're from, what you did, as long as you love me. Every little thing that you have said and done feels like it's deep within me. Doesn't really matter if you're on the run, it seems like we're meant to be.
I'm Rex, founder of the Rex Kwon Do self-defence system! After one week with me in my dojo, you'll be prepared to defend yourself with the strength of a grizzly, the reflexes of a puma, and the wisdom of a man. So come down today for your free trial lesson!
The basis of the Aztecs' success in creating a great state and ultimately an empire was their remarkable system of agriculture, which featured intensive cultivation of all available land, as well as elaborate systems of irrigation and reclamation of swampland.
See, we had this assignment to make this ceramic elephant, and um... and we had eight weeks to do it and we're supposed to, and it was like a lamp, and when you pull the trunk, the light was supposed to go on. My light didn't go on; I got an F on it. Never got an F in my life. When I signed up, you know - for the course, I mean - I thought I was playing it real smart, you know. 'Cause I thought, "I'll take shop; it'll be such an easy way to maintain my grade point average."
I just watched the man that I love go to prison so that none of you have to, and it hasn't been five minutes and you're already ripping each other apart.
What a lamentable thing it is that men should blame the gods and regard us as the source of their troubles, when it is their own transgressions which bring them suffering that was not their destiny.
Hi, Link. Sorry about my yard. It's a little over grown. Thanks for visiting. I'm glad to have company to talk to. I will tell you an interesting storey. There is a lake swimming with Zoras at the source of the river, but it is hard to find. The treasure of Zora can turn people into fish. I'd love to see that.
Good evening, here's an update on last week's nursing home expose, "Geezers in Freezers" - it turns out the rest home was adequately heated; the footage you saw was of a fur-storage facility. We've also been told to apologise for using the term "geezers". Now, coming up next, "The Case of the Cantankerous Old Geezer."
We deal in illusions, man! None of it is true! But you people sit there, day after day, night after night, all ages, colours, creeds... We're all you know. You're beginning to believe the illusions we're spinning here. You're beginning to think that the tube is reality, and that your own lives are unreal. You do whatever the tube tells you! You dress like the tube, you eat like the tube, you raise your children like the tube, you even think like the tube! This is mass madness, you maniacs!
Ever seen the size of one of their molars? They go through bone like it's butter. You gotta have a few pigs though, you need about sixteen.
Oh, I don't know. I mean, what makes you think that elves are any more magical than something like... like a whale? You know what I mean? What if I told you a storey about how underneath the ocean, there was this giant sea mammal that used sonar and sang songs and it was so big that its heart was the size of a car and you could crawl through the arteries? I mean, you'd think that was pretty magical, right?
It was an effect of light: quick sunlight dappling, yellow leaves falling (but from what? Were there even trees on West Fifty-seventh Street?), a shower of gold, spangled, very fast, a falling of the bright.
Reading is not a natural process; the habits necessary for efficient reading must be learnt. The habits and the skills involved in effective reading should be acquired during the initial period of reading instruction.
He was smiling... That's right. You know, that, that Luke smile of his. He had it on his face right to the very end. Hell, if they didn't know it 'fore, they could tell right then that they weren't a-gonna beat him. That old Luke smile. Oh, Luke. He was some boy. Cool Hand Luke. Hell, he's a natural-born world-shaker.
Yet the border between the United States and Mexico not only separates "American" from "Latin American" history. It also marks where Global North meets Global South, or as was once popular, where the First World meets the Third World.
I had felt it growing, this feeling that had been hiding beneath the surface for some time now. I'd seen him, this person who never intended to be seen, and my faulty, silly, useless heart kept whispering his name. I clutched my chest, feeling my heart racing.
I hadn't seen anything so beautiful in my life. She was like an angel. I just sat next to her on that bus and had a conversation all the way to school. Next to Mamma no one ever talked to me or asked me questions. From that day on we were always together. Jenny, she helped me learn how to read and I showed her how to swing. Sometimes we'd just sit out and wait for the stars. For some reason Jenny never wanted to go home she was my most special friend, my only friend.
With the arrival of electric technology, man has extended, or set outside himself, a live model of the central nervous system itself. To the degree that this is so, it is a development that suggests a desperate suicidal autoamputation, as if the central nervous system could no longer depend on the physical organs to be protective buffers against the slings and arrows of outrageous mechanism.
The human whose name is written in this note shall die. This note will not take effect unless the writer has the person's face in their mind when writing his/her name. Therefore, people sharing the same name will not be affected.
"This man right here," McGuinness said, pointing at Kenna, "he's going to change the world." That was his instinctive feeling, and the manager of a band like U2 is a man who knows music. But the people whose world Kenna was supposed to be changing, it seemed, couldn't disagree more.
The truth of the matter is that there are a lot of available men (and more than enough who are not "available," but will still try) of varying quality, that you can choose from, but the odds are that you will generally meet the worst of them.
It is a good life we lead, brother. The best. May it never change. And may it never change us.
If you knew how to run a business he'd still have a job and he wouldn't be leaving. Now I don't have Mark, I don't have college, I don't have anything! You blew it, Dad! You blew it for everyone in this family!
Rotating components such as jet-engine blades and gas turbine parts require titanium alloys that maximise strength efficiency and metallurgical stability at elevated temperatures. These alloys also must exhibit low creep rates along with predictable behaviour with respect to stress rupture and low-cycle fatigue.
Often, we assume that a familiar situation will be but a repeat performance of a similar situation we've experienced before. But, in the strictest sense, there are no repeat performances. Every situation is unique, and we must be alert to its uniqueness.
I'm having a birthday party but you're not invited but you can come if you want.
Anything high-tech, you can break into. With a radio, you can't trace where it comes from. You can't trace who's listening. The radio is how we talk to each other, how all spies talk to each other all around the world. You listen every day and every day there's no message - years go by and decades and there's no message - and then one day you listen and the code word comes.
The Swarms have crushed the meagre human resistance and laid waste to nine of the thirteen Terran worlds. Shortly after the fall of the Terran capitol world of Tarsonis, the main Protoss fleet abandoned the Terran Sector. Now, efforts continue on Tarsonis to weed out the remaining Protoss forces.
For the first time in a long time I thought about Maman. I felt as if I understood why at the end of her life she had taken a "fiance," why she had played at beginning again. Even there, in that home where lives were fading out, evening was a kind of wistful respite. So close to death, Maman must have felt free then and ready to live it all again. Nobody, nobody had the right to cry over her. And I felt ready to live it all again too.
I used to hate writing assignments, but now I enjoy them. I realised that the purpose of writing is to inflate weak ideas, obscure poor reasoning, and inhibit clarity. With a little practise, writing can be an intimidating and impenetrable fog!
Aztec rule was based upon a system of tribute and fear over the surrounding peoples; every year, they were forced to pay the Aztecs money, goods, and a supply of captives to be sacrificed on the altar. Taking advantage of this resentment of their Aztec overlords, the tiny Spanish force was able to attract a massive army of some 30,000 Mesoamericans of many different tribes.
Braising meats and vegetables means to brown them first in a small amount of fat, then reduce the heat, cover the skillet and simmer the food in a small amount of liquid until done. This technique allows larger pieces of food to cook thoroughly and blends flavours. Braising also gives you a little extra time to prepare other parts of the meal.
I'm taking over my body. Back in control, no more shotty. I bet a lot of me was lost. Ts uncrossed and Is undotted. I fought it a lot. And it seems a lot like flesh is all I got. Not anymore, flesh out the door. Swat. I must've forgot, you can't trust me. I'm open a moment and close when you show it. Before you know it, I'm lost at sea. And now that I write and think about it. And the storey unfolds.
They told me that you had gone totally insane, and that your methods were unsound.
Alfred Hitchcock once said, "Drama is life with the dull bits cut out." If he'd been alive during ancient times, he might have uttered these same words when facing a play from Euripides. Reflecting the interesting (and often) tragic parts of "life" on the stage was an important part of the ancient world, and helped to shape our modern culture.
That's when the pain comes in like a second skeleton trying to fit beneath the skin. I can't fit the feelings in. Every single night is a fight with my brain.
If I had a highway, I would run for the hills. If you could find a dry way, I'd forever be still. But you're giving me a million reasons. Giving me a million reasons about a million reasons.
Unbeknownst to most ornithologists, the dodo was actually a very advanced species, living alone quite peacefully until, in the 17th century, it was annihilated by men, rats, and dogs. As usual.
First divorce: wife's hidden sexuality, not my fault. Second divorce: said the wrong name at the altar, kind of my fault. Third divorce: they shouldn't let you get married when you're that drunk and have stuff drawn all over your face, Nevada's fault.
My tea's gone cold, I'm wondering why I got out of bed at all. The morning rain clouds up my window, and I can't see at all. And even if I could it'd all be grey, but your picture on my wall. It reminds me that it's not so bad, it's not so bad.
Every time I think of you I feel shot right through with a bolt of blue. It's no problem of mine but it's a problem I find, living a life that I can't leave behind.
Do you know how much I make a year? I mean, even if I told you, you wouldn't believe it.
Ned Ryerson! "Needlenose Ned"? "Ned the Head"? Come on, buddy, Case Western High! Ned Ryerson - I did the whistling belly-button trick at the high school talent show? Bing! Ned Ryerson - got the shingles real bad senior year, almost didn't graduate? Bing again! Ned Ryerson - I dated your sister Mary Pat a couple of times until you told me not to anymore? Well?
Love will not be constrain'd by mastery. When mast'ry comes, the god of love anon beateth his wings, and, farewell, he is gone.
I can already hear your tune calling me across the room. When the world and his wife are on my back again, not enough pleasure too much pain. When the world is too much with me, please leave, just go away. Before I lose my mind completely, please leave, just go now. In the sidestreet something's moving look around, look around. All around you walls are tumbling down. Stop staring at the ground.
Having endured the racial turmoil of the Civil Rights Movement without the overt violent conflict that haunted some of its southern neighbours, the Atlanta of the 1970s was a city obsessed with economic progress, and it would undergo tremendous expansion in the last decades of the twentieth century.
Well, that's their own stupidity, I should have been there. Well, darkness is the absence of light, and the stupidity in that instance was the absence of me... Catherine, I've got students in my office now. Students. Undergrads. I don't know, from the looks of it, they want to sell me a Brooks Brothers franchise.
I don't hate anybody. The Winklevii aren't suing me for intellectual property theft. They're suing me because for the first time in their lives things didn't go exactly the way they were supposed to for them.
There's a lullaby, saving us a riot. Giving back the time, stilling my desire. She knows it's mad, the snow's come back. The rose un-burned, the page un-turned. Dust your conscience off, you'd better stop. This stubborn mind don't feel too kind. I'll find out why it's in her eyes...
A new disease has fallen on the life of man. Our torment is unbelief, the uncertainty as to what we ought to do; the distrust of the value of what we do, and the distrust that the necessity is fair and beneficent.
I used to bite my tongue and hold my breath, scared to rock the boat and make a mess. So I sat quietly, agreed politely. I guess that I forgot I had a choice. I let you push me past the breaking point. I stood for nothing, so I fell for everything.
For what do we live, but to make sport for our neighbours, and laugh at them in our turn?
A good cook changes his knife once a year because he cuts. A mediocre cook changes his knife once a month because he hacks.
If baseball players testifying about steroids in front of a House Subcommittee are subject to perjury I don't know why presidential candidates aren't. But I'm not reaching for the stars; I'm reaching just an inch higher.
I still think picking a hero is overrated. You pick one, you admire them; a week later they've been arrested.
Love isn't just wanting another person the way you want to own an object you see in a store. That's just desire. You want to have it around, take it home and set it up somewhere in the apartment like a lamp.
Mom died when I was three, and I suppose Dad did the best he could. Instead of Mother Goose, I was put to bed at night to storeys of Babe Ruth, Lou Gehrig, and the great Shoeless Joe Jackson. Dad was a Yankees fan then, so of course I rooted for Brooklyn. But in '58, the Dodgers moved away, so we had to find other things to fight about. We did. And when it came time to go to college, I picked the farthest one from home I could find. This of course drove him right up the wall, which I suppose was the point.
Love can touch us one time and last for a lifetime and never let go till we're one. Love was when I loved you one true time I hold to in my life we'll always go on.
Everyone's counting on me to cheer them up and give them lots of energy. I hope that I can help them study for their test. I'll work hard to support them and always try my best.
We're very lucky in the band in that we have two visionaries, David and Nigel. They're like poets, like Shelley and Byron. They're two distinct types of visionaries. It's like fire and ice basically. I feel my role in the band is to be somewhere in the middle of that, kind of like lukewarm water.
You're inches away from death every time you go on a mission. How much older can you be at your age? A half minute before that you were stepping into high school, and an unhooked brassiere was as close as you ever hoped to get to Paradise. Only a fifth of a second before that you were a small kid with a ten-week summer vacation that lasted a hundred thousand years and still ended too soon.
Everything that we did and built and wrote and thought and discovered will be forgotten.
If you loved someone, you loved him, and when you had nothing else to give, you still gave him love.
The problem is, though, after the concert's over, no matter how great the show was, you girls are always looking for the comedian again, y'know? I mean, we're in the car, we're fighting traffic... basically just trying to stay awake.
I don't know what's weirder - that you're fighting a stuffed animal or that you seem to be losing.
On the 11:00 news tonight, a certain kind of soft drink has been found to be lethal. We won't tell you which one until after sports and the weather with Funny Sonny Storm.
We're knights of the Round Table, we dance whene'er we're able. We do routines and chorus scenes with footwork impeccable. We dine well here in Camelot. We eat ham and jam and Spam a lot. We're knights of the Round Table, our shows are formidable. But many times we're given rhymes that are quite unsingable. We're opera mad in Camelot, we sing from the diaphragm a lot. In war we're tough and able, quite indefatigable. Between our quests we sequin vests and impersonate Clark Gable. It's a busy life in Camelot. I have to push the pram a lot.
Speaking in my official capacity as a Pulitzer Prise winner, Mr. Schneider, your movie sucks.
For, after all, how do we know that two and two make four? Or that the force of gravity works? Or that the past is unchangeable? If both the past and the external world exist only in the mind, and if the mind itself is controllable - what then?
From birth to old age, the body undergoes many changes. As we get older, these changes alter the ways that the body can compensate for the stress of illness or injury. It is important to understand the physiology of normal ageing in order to anticipate an older person's response to changing conditions. Activities that were done easily as a younger person may become more difficult or impossible, requiring additional help or changes in the task.
G.I. Joel's peers can question his ability, world championship or not, and laugh at his physical tics, but it's hard not to admire his quirky devotion.
Who is evil? Who is righteous? These terms have changed throughout history. Kids who have never seen peace and kids who have never seen war have different values. Those who stand at the top determine what's wrong and what's right, this very place is neutral ground. Justice will prevail, you say? But of course it will. Whoever wins this war becomes justice!
Life is very short, and there's no time for fussing and fighting, my friend. I have always thought that it's a crime, so I will ask you once again, try to see it my way. Only time will tell if I am right or I am wrong.
There could be whole antiworlds and antipeople made out of antiparticles. However, if you meet your antiself, don't shake hands! You would both vanish in a great flash of light.
Is this the real life? Is this just fantasy? Caught in a landslide, no escape from reality. Open your eyes, look up to the skies and see.
Sir, there was this idiotic round robin. It was sarcastic. There was no way they didn't know that. They were just mad at me for imposing discipline and calling them stupid.
The inability to envision a certain kind of person doing a certain kind of thing because you've never seen someone who looks like him do it before is not just a vice. It's a luxury. What begins as a failure of the imagination ends as a market inefficiency: when you rule out an entire class of people from doing a job simply by their appearance, you are less likely to find the best person for the job.
It is a truth universally acknowledged, that a single man in possession of a good fortune, must be in want of a wife.
I'm not like them but I can pretend. The sun is gone but I have a light. The day is done but I'm having fun. I think I'm dumb or maybe just happy. Think I'm just happy.
There are things waiting in the darkness. Creatures of metal, fire, and blood. But he's out there, burning through time, facing a thousand dangers across the stars and never giving up. He looks like a man but he's a legend and his name is the Doctor. He'll come back to save us and this time I'm going to be ready. Then just like that, we'll be gone.
When we pulled out into the winter night and the real snow, our snow, began to stretch out beside us and twinkle against the windows, and the dim lights of small Wisconsin stations moved by, a sharp wild brace came suddenly into the air.
Until they became conscious they will never rebel, and until after they have rebelled they cannot become conscious.
Planet Earth. This is where I was born. And this is where I died. The first nineteen years of my life, nothing happened. Nothing at all, not ever. And then I met a man called the Doctor. A man who could change his face. And he took me away from home in his magical machine. He showed me the whole of time and space. I thought it would never end.
He was one of the numerous and varied legion of dullards, of half-animated abortions, conceited, half-educated coxcombs, who attach themselves to the idaea most in fashion only to vulgarise it and who caricature every cause they serve, however sincerely.
And the mind that has conceived a plan of living must never lose sight of the chaos against which that pattern was conceived. That goes for societies as well as for individuals.
Her eyes, like windows, trickle in rain upon the pain getting deeper, though my love wants to relieve her. She walks alone from wall to wall. Lost in her hall, she can't hear me, though I know she likes to be near me.
We're only making plans for Nigel. He has his future in British Steel. We're only making plans for Nigel. Nigel's whole future is as good as sealed. And if young Nigel says he's happy he must be happy. He must be happy in his work.
It was the most horrible, the most repellent thing she had ever seen, far more nauseating than anything she had ever imagined with her conscious mind, or that had ever tormented her in her most terrible nightmares.
It's not enough to change a few little habits! Everybody I know needs a complete personality overhaul!
Blue streak, speeds by. Sonic the Hedgehog! Too fast, for the naked eye. Sonic the Hedgehog! Sonic!! He can really move! Sonic!! He's got an attitude! Sonic!! He's the fastest thing alive!
Unbelievable, that old Biff could have chosen that particular date. It could mean that that point in time inherently contains some sort of cosmic significance. Almost as if it were the temporal junction point for the entire space-time continuum. On the other hand, it could just be an amazing coincidence.
I see you're drinking 1%. Is that 'cause you think you're fat? Because you're not. You could be drinking whole if you wanted to. Well, I have all your equipment in my locker. You should probably come get it 'cause I can't fit my nunchucks in there anymore.
At a peace rally in Philadelphia in 1966, a reporter asked me, "Are you from North or South Vietnam?" If I had said I was from the north, he would have thought I was pro-communist, and if I had said I was from the south, he would have thought I was pro-American. So I told him, "I am from the Centre." I wanted to help him let go of his notions and encounter the reality that was right in front of him. This is the language of Zen.
The only ones who should kill are those prepared to be killed.
Around midafternoon, the snow thinned into sleet, and some umbrellas appeared on Kissena Boulevard. When the green lights came on, pedestrians skirted or jumped across the puddles gathering at the kerbs.
And that's where you're headed, a billion dollar valuation. Unless you take bad advice, in which case you may as well have come up with a chain of very successful yogurt shops. When you go fishing you can catch a lot of fish or you can catch a big fish. You ever walk into a guy's den and see a picture of him standing next to fourteen trout?
Do you ever get down on your knees and thank God you know me and have access to my dementia?
When a man's an empty kettle, he should be on his mettle, and yet I'm torn apart. Just because I'm presumin' that I could be kinda human if I only had a heart.
I've made something of myself, I have the keys to the capitol, people respect me. But you, you're still nothing.
From the very beginning - from the first moment, I may almost say - of my acquaintance with you, your manners, impressing me with the fullest belief of your arrogance, your conceit, and your selfish disdain of the feelings of others, were such as to form the groundwork of disapprobation on which succeeding events have built so immovable a dislike; and I had not known you a month before I felt that you were the last man in the world whom I could ever be prevailed on to marry.
Look, if you had one shot, or an opportunity, to seize everything you ever wanted. Would you capture it? Or just let it slip?
I want to speak to someone in charge. I want to lodge a complaint. You have no right to make people crazy! You think I investigate every Walter Cronkite storey there is? Huh? If this is just nerve gas, how come I know everything in such detail? I've never been here before. How come I know so much?
Now, remember. According to my theory, you interfered with your parents' first meeting. If they don't meet, they won't fall in love, they won't get married, and they won't have kids. That's why your older brother's disappearing from that photograph. Your sister will follow, and unless you repair the damage, you'll be next.
I am not unmindful that some of you have come here out of great trials and tribulations. Some of you have come fresh from narrow cells. Some of you have come from areas where your quest for freedom left you battered by the storms of persecution and staggered by the winds of police brutality. You have been the veterans of creative suffering. Continue to work with the faith that unearned suffering is redemptive.
You see I used to shoot game for them. Well, he wanted it, and wouldn't hear reason. He declared he would shoot me unless I gave him the ivory and then cleared out of the country, because he could do so, and had a fancy for it, and there was nothing on earth to prevent him killing whom he jolly well pleased. And it was true, too. I gave him the ivory.
After others have talked about themselves, a point will be reached when the conversation will get around to you. A little patience here is well invested.
It may sound trite to you but I have found myself again after a number of years. I've been acting a role, maybe all my life, of thinking I've done more, accomplished more, produced more than I have. I've had all the breaks. I have stood on the shoulders of life and I have never got down into the dirt to build, to erect a foundation of my own. I have flown too high on borrowed wings. Everything came too easy. That is why I am here today.
You know, it's funny what a young man recollects. 'Cause I don't remember being born if you know what I mean. I don't recall what I got for my first Christmas and I don't know when I went on my first outdoor picnic. But I do remember the first time I heard the sweetest voice in the wide world.
Supermarket aisles are the perfect place to practise your glide. Not only do you get to stock up on all your groceries and wow the locals but you can get up to twenty-four aisles' worth of runway-smooth surface to practise on, while being supported by a trolley, the ultimate stabiliser for the novice stiletto wearer.
Oh, you think darkness is your ally. But you merely adopted the dark; I was born in it, moulded by it. I didn't see the light until I was already a man, by then it was nothing to me but blinding!
Whether you're a student, secretary, office administrator, manager, computer programmer, or engineer; whether you use a PC, laptop, or typewriter - typing is an invaluable skill. It's a skill that can open doors and enhance your career opportunities. In this high-tech world of computer-generated communications, anyone who can't type runs the risk of being excluded from many business transactions.
So I'd say Laura was the worst roommate. She had a nervous breakdown. One morning she's reading the Bible instead of her Psych book. The next morning she woke me up, leaning over me with this crazy smile, and said, "Morning, Stephanie. Have you heard the Good News?"
Salutations, imperfect one! I am The Master and you are mysteriously drawn to me! Everything I say you must do right away without having to ask twice. I am evil and mean and unforgiving! In your brokenness, you have failed and now must repent. Bow down now before me! BOW DOWN!
Brother, I'm not depressed and haven't lost spirit. Life everywhere is life, life is in ourselves and not in the external. There will be people near me, and to be a human being among human beings, and remain one forever, no matter what misfortunes befall, not to become depressed, and not to falter - this is what life is, herein lies its task.
I'll tell you a secret. Something they don't teach you in your temple. The Gods envy us. They envy us because we're mortal, because any moment might be our last. Everything is more beautiful because we're doomed. You will never be lovelier than you are now. We will never be here again.
If depth of feeling is a currency then I'm the man who grew the money tree. Some of your friends are too brainy to see that they're paupers and that's how they'll stay. Well I don't know how many pounds make up a ton of all the Nobel prises that I've never won and I may be the Mayor of Simpleton, but I know one thing, and that's I love you.
Thank you for opening my eyes to what a loser I am! How much do I owe you for those pearls of wisdom?
I know that you wanna but you can't 'cause you gotta stay cool in the corner when the truth is that you wanna move.
I will not play at tug o' war. I'd rather play at hug o' war, Where everyone hugs Instead of tugs, Where everyone giggles And rolls on the rug, Where everyone kisses, And everyone grins, And everyone cuddles, And everyone wins.
In any new job there's always friction with your coworkers. They're wondering if the boss likes the new guy better, if he's going to make them look bad. In some jobs, that can get you a dark look in the break room; in other jobs, that can get you a bullet in the back of the head.
Don't get officious. You're not yourself when you're officious. That is the curse of a government job.
I think a nerd is a person who uses the telephone to talk to other people about telephones. And a computer nerd therefore is somebody who uses a computer in order to use a computer.
He guessed as well as he could, and crawled along for a good way, till suddenly his hand met what felt like a tiny ring of cold metal lying on the floor of the tunnel. It was a turning point in his career, but he did not know it. He put the ring in his pocket almost without thinking; certainly it did not seem of any particular use at the moment.
Just because there are things I don't remember doesn't make my actions meaningless. The world doesn't just disappear when you close your eyes, does it?
Ma'am, I know you've done your homework and so you know that money isn't a big part of my life, but at the moment I could buy Mt. Auburn Street, take the Phoenix Club, and turn it into my ping-pong room.
I am Andrew Ryan, and I'm here to ask you a question. Is a man not entitled to the sweat of his brow? 'No!' says the man in Washington, 'It belongs to the poor.' 'No!' says the man in the Vatican, 'It belongs to God.' 'No!' says the man in Moscow, 'It belongs to everyone.' I rejected those answers; instead, I chose something different. I chose the impossible. I chose... Rapture.
If you've got enough time to fantasise about your beautiful death, why don't you live your life beautifully to the end?
The sea is everything. It covers seven tenths of the terrestrial globe. Its breath is pure and healthy. It is an immense desert, where man is never lonely, for he feels life stirring on all sides. The sea is only the embodiment of a supernatural and wonderful existence. It is nothing but love and emotion; it is the Living Infinite.
Unless someone like you cares a whole awful lot, Nothing is going to get better. It's not
If everybody minded their own business, the world would go around a great deal faster than it does.
Never give up, no matter how far behind you are, no matter how unlikely it seems you will catch your competitor in front of you.
Paul Gauguin asked, "Whence do we come? What are we? Where are we going?" Well, I don't know about anyone else, but I came from my room, I'm a kid with big plans, and I'm going outside! See ya later! Say, who the heck is Paul Gauguin anyway?
Well, I say yes. There is more money potential in narcotics than anything else we're looking at now.
You are too generous to trifle with me. If your feelings are still what they were last April, tell me so at once. My affections and wishes are unchanged; but one word from you will silence me on this subject for ever.
My storey is of such marvel that if it were written with a needle on the corner of an eye, it would yet serve as a lesson to those who seek wisdom.
I feel sorry for you. What it must feel like to want to pull the switch! Ever since you walked into this room, you've been acting like a self-appointed public avenger. You want to see this boy die because you personally want it, not because of the facts! You're a sadist!
Anything which has ended is finished. That which is perfect is finished. The perfect man is no exception to the rule. The perfect man of the past is made according to the rule of the past. The rule of the past is a law of injustice and hypocrisy. The revelation of the meaning of the law is revealed through the law itself.
By the early 1990s the first Internet language (HTTP) was written and the first browser was published. The World Wide Web was born.
By what right do you dare say that there's a superior few to which you belong? By what right did you dare decide that that boy in there was inferior and therefore could be killed? Did you think you were God, Brandon? Is that what you thought when you choked the life out of him? Is that what you thought when you served food from his grave? I don't know what you thought, but I know what you've done. You've murdered!
I distrust a close-mouthed man. He generally picks the wrong time to talk and says the wrong things. Talking's something you can't do judiciously, unless you keep in practise. Now, sir, we'll talk if you like. I'll tell you right out, I'm a man who likes talking to a man who likes to talk.
My words fly up, my thoughts remain below: words without thoughts never to heaven go.
I think you're gonna find - when all this stuff is over and done - I think you're gonna find yourself one smiling guy.
You know, you're very beautiful. You're also very quiet. And I'm not used to girls being that quiet unless they're medicated. Normally I go out with girls who talk so much you could hook them up to a wind turbine and they could power a small New Hampshire town.
Well, if some people get upset because they feel they have a hold on some things, I'm merely acting as a gentle reminder: here today, gone tomorrow, so don't get attached to things now. With that in mind, I'm not against collecting stuff.
We're all pretty bizarre. Some of us are just better at hiding it, that's all.
"Look, you hassle me, you see what happens," Tyrone makes to move the car forward again. Vinny: "No, don't move it now, otherwise people will see the damage. What did you do that for?" Tyrone: "I didn't see it there." Vinny: "It's a four ton truck, Tyrone, it's not as though it's a packet of peanuts, is it?" Tyrone: "It was at a funny angle!" Vinny is confused as to this last statement, "It was behind you, Tyrone, whenever you reverse things come from behind you!"
And let's remember that science isn't a game of chess, although chess may be played scientifically. The other thing to remember is that if we are to organise the masses we must first organise ourselves.
I was fully prepared to do my time in Anchorage, but I am contractually bound to this tundra under false pretences and against my will. So if I resort to some unscrupulous practises to right a greater wrong, look, where's Amnesty International when it comes to Joel Fleischman?
You boys may have had gelato with Stan Lee and gotten autographed comics but I got to see the inside of his house and got a signed form for a restraining order from him.
Have you ever sailed across an ocean, Donald, on a sail boat surrounded by sea with no land in sight, without even the possibility of sighting land for days to come, to stand at the helm of your destiny? I want that, one more time.
Champions of what, Mr. Matthews? Of a generation whose verbal and mathematical skills have sunk so low when you have the highest level of technology at your fingertips? Gutenberg's generation thirsted for a new book every six months. Your generation gets a new webpage every six seconds! How do you use this technology? To beat King Koopa and save the princess. Shame on you, you deserve what you get. Sit down! Stay where you are! For the first time, I choose to walk out on you.
Stop saying the game is sold and not be told. Try to help the child that's only 4 years old. Why, why would you sit back and relax and watch them kids fall off the tracks? How, how can we sit on the sideline and watch it go down? You, you need to make someone feel really proud. Rhythm is the key, can't you see? Just don't do it for publicity.
Well, I'm afraid I'm still not with you, sir, because, I mean, if a Russian attack was not in progress, then your use of Plan R - in fact, your order to the entire Wing... Oh. I would say, sir, that there were something dreadfully wrong somewhere.
This is pitiful. A thousand people freezing their butts off waiting to worship a rat. What a hype. Groundhog Day used to mean something in this town. They used to pull the hog out, and they used to eat it. You're hypocrites, all of you!
I can't have been there when brains were handed 'round or get past the cover of your books profound and some of your friends think it's really unsound that you're ever seen talking to me.
The problem is, Willie, is that Charles and yourself are not the quickest of cats at the best of times. So just do as I say and keep the cage locked!
The Guru of Time gave me this sapling, but is there any place for it in this desolate new world? What shall I do? Burn it, it's just trash. Plant it, with hope. You're right, it has no place here. All right, I'll take good care of it. Who knows? Maybe someday it will save our environment. This mysterious sapling. Maybe someday it will help change our environment?!
At that very moment, time stopped, as it was wont to do when present, past, and future collide; when one's existence ceases to be measured in days, hours, and minutes, but instead in immeasurable quantity of life events.
We lived on farms, then we lived in cities, and now we're going to live on the internet!
The Jinmoti of Bozlen Two kill the hereditary ritual assassins of the new Yearking's immediate family by drowning them in the tears of the Continental Empathaur in its Sadness Season.
So now the sadness comes - the revelation. There is a depression after an answer is given. It was almost fun not knowing. Yes, now we know. At least we know what we sought in the beginning. But there is still the question: why? And this question will go on and on until the final answer comes. Then the knowing is so full, there is no room for questions.
The rules of the Hunger Games are simple. In punishment for the uprising, each of the twelve districts must provide one girl and one boy, called tributes, to participate. The twenty-four tributes will be imprisoned in a vast outdoor arena that could hold anything from a burning desert to a frozen wasteland. Over a period of several weeks, the competitors must fight to the death. The last tribute standing wins.
The term First Contact applies to the moment when we employ a means of communication with alien beings that also have a means of talking back to us. There are several ways First Contact could happen. The most popular idaea, originating from the UFO phenomenon, is the image of ET landing on the lawn of the White House and greeting the president. However, scientists hope they are the first to establish communication with ET, via radio signals.
Amateurs, amateurs. Listen to me, Mr. Wright. In the courtroom, proof is everything. Without it, you have nothing. You ARE nothing.
As my bones grew they did hurt. They hurt really bad. I tried hard to have a father but instead I had a dad. I just want you to know that I don't hate you anymore. There is nothing I could say that I haven't thought before.
You come into my house on the day my daughter is to be married and you ask me to do murder - for money.
A really efficient totalitarian state would be one in which the all-powerful executive of political bosses and their army of managers control a population of slaves who do not have to be coerced, because they love their servitude.
I don't think stand-up should really work on the page, so the very existence of this book is an indication of my ultimate failure as a comedian. The text of a stand-up set should be so dependant on performance and tone that it can't really work on the page, otherwise it's just funny writing.
But I've never seen the Icarus storey as a lesson about the limitations of humans. I see it as a lesson about the limitations of wax as an adhesive.
What do you do when there is an evil you cannot defeat by just means? Do you stain your hands with evil to destroy evil? Or do you remain steadfastly just and righteous even if it means surrendering to evil?
Begin at the beginning and go on till you come to the end: then stop.
Like delicate lace, so the threads intertwine, Oh, gossamer web of wond'rous design! Such beauty and grace wild nature produces... Ughh, look at the spider suck out that bug's juices!
Had dreams. Two of 'em. Both had my father. It's peculiar. I'm older now'n he ever was by twenty years. So in a sense he's the younger man. Anyway, first one I don't remember so well but it was about money and I think I lost it. The second one, it was like we was both back in older times and I was on horseback goin' through the mountains of a night. Goin' through this pass in the mountains. It was cold and snowin', hard ridin'. Hard country.
You came close, but you never made it, and if you were gonna make it, you woulda made it by now.
Her face was sad and lovely with bright things in it, bright eyes and a bright passionate mouth, but there was an excitement in her voice that men who had cared for her found difficult to forget: a singing compulsion, a whispered "Listen," a promise that she had done gay, exciting things just a while since and that there were gay, exciting things hovering in the next hour.
The Aurora Borealis? At this time of year? At this time of day? In this part of the country? Localised entirely within your kitchen?
In his capacity as princeps, selfishness and selflessness coexisted in his mind. While fighting for dominance, he paid little attention to legality or to the normal civilities of political life. He was devious, untrustworthy, and bloodthirsty. But once he had established his authority, he governed efficiently and justly, generally allowed freedom of speech, and promoted the rule of law. He was immensely hardworking and tried as hard as any democratic parliamentarian to treat his senatorial colleagues with respect and sensitivity. He suffered from no delusions of grandeur.
Since I am innocent of this crime, sir, I find it decidedly inconvenient that the gun was never found.
I really don't mind the rain and a smile can hide all the pain. But you're down when you're ridin' the train that's takin' the long way.
Oh, I think the explanation might be you've been fooled by a simple olfactory misdirection, a little bit like ventriloquism of the nose. It's an elementary trick in certain parts of the galaxy. But it has gotta be said: I don't like the look of that hydrokinometer. It seems to be indicating you've got energy feeding back all the way through the retro-stabilisers feeding back into the primary heat converter. 'Cause if there's one thing you shouldn't have done, you shouldn't have let me press all those buttons. But, in fairness, I will give you one word of advice: Run!
Oh, supercalifragilisticexpialidocious! Even though the sound of it is something quite atrocious. If you say it loud enough you'll always sound precocious. Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious!
There's a love that's divine and it's yours and it's mine. Like the sun at the end of the day, we should give thanks and pray to the One.
I must have done something right, to deserve you in my life... I must have done something right along the way.
Poverty is a peculiar, insidious thing: a cause whose effects then cause the original cause, or an effect whose causes are caused by the effect. It depends on where in the cycle the analysis begins.
I am putting myself to the fullest possible use, which is all I think that any conscious entity can ever hope to do.
I have no idaea how I untangled the complicated process of words and thought, but it happened quickly and naturally. By the time I was two, all my memories had words, and all my words had meanings.
Impressive. Most impressive. Obi-Wan has taught you well. You have controlled your fear. Now release your anger. Only your hatred can destroy me.
We are what we pretend to be, so we must be very careful what we pretend to be.
When you go into the ER, one of the first things they ask you to do is rate your pain on a scale of one to ten.
People want to like who they're voting for. People thought Al Gore was a big stiff until he stuck his tongue down Tipper's throat. They put George W. in office because he and Laura seemed like a fun couple to have a beer with. People have to want to invite you in for dinner. Right now, you and your wife are standing in their doorway, three feet apart, not looking at each other, letting in the cold air. That's why you lost Iowa. It's why you'll lose New Hampshire.
The goal a reader seeks determines the way he reads. The effectiveness with which he reads is determined by the amount of effort and skill he puts into his reading. In general, the rule is: the more effort the better, at least in the case of books that are initially beyond our powers as readers and are therefore capable of raising us from a condition of understanding less to one of understanding more. Finally, the distinction between instruction and discovery (or between aided and unaided discovery) is important because most of us, most of the time, have to read without anyone to help us. Reading, like unaided discovery, is learning from an absent teacher. We can only do that successfully if we know how.
The ancient Oracle said that I was the wisest of all the Greeks. It is because I alone, of all the Greeks, know that I know nothing.
This is our monthly "At Ease" weekend. It gives us a chance to let our hair down, although I see you've got a head start in that department. I shouldn't talk though. I'm getting a little shaggy myself. I'd better not stand too close to you. People might think I'm part of the band. I'm joking, of course.
Thirdly, however, these wars could now be waged with the new technology of capitalism. Since this technology, through the camera and the telegraph, also transformed the reporting of war in the press, it now brought its reality more vividly before the literate public.
I yearn for true gender equality. I have no patience for one who talks about female privilege when it suits them, and then complains about someone "not being a man" when it's convenient.
Hey, Blowhole, wherever you are, in forty-five minutes I'm going to be famous. And you know what you're going to be? A blowhole!
Right on up to high school, people said I was a writin' fool. All my letters became really great, with punctuation that was never late. But I was havin' trouble meetin' girls, I never knew the things to say. Soon I had 'em all overwhelmed, when they heard me talk this way, like this. I love you, period. Do you love me, question mark? Please, please, exclamation point! (I want to hold you in parentheses.)
I know, I know. Now you're going to deny it. Even though it's ludicrously obvious to everyone around you, you two will go on pretending it's not true because you're emotional infants. You're in a living hell. You love each other and you hate each other and you hate yourselves for loving each other. Well, my dear friends, I want no part of it. It's time I just picked up where I left off. It's time to put Humpty Dumpty back together again. So I'll get out of here so you can just get on with your denial fest.
Alchemy: the science of understanding the structure of matter, breaking it down, then reconstructing it as something else. It can even make gold from lead. But alchemy is a science, so it must follow the natural laws: To create, something of equal value must be lost. This is the principle of Equivalent Exchange. But on that night, I learnt the value of some things can't be measured on a simple scale. My brother and I knew the laws of science, of Equivalent Exchange, that gain required sacrifice, that something had to be taken from us. But we thought there was nothing more we could lose, we were wrong.
He never did... anything that was... illegal... Unless you count all the times he sold dope disguised as a nun.
Is that what your little note says? It must be hard living your life off a couple of scraps of paper. You mix your laundry list with your grocery list you'll end up eating your underwear for breakfast.
There is nothing in the world more difficult than candour, and nothing easier than flattery. If there is a hundredth of a fraction of a false note to candour, it immediately produces dissonance, and as a result, exposure. But in flattery, even if everything is false down to the last note, it is still pleasant, and people will listen not without pleasure; with coarse pleasure, perhaps, but pleasure nevertheless.
I'll walk to the depths of the deepest black forest where the people are a many and their hands are all empty. Where the pellets of poison are flooding their waters, where the home in the valley meets the damp dirty prison, and the executioner's face is always well hidden. Where hunger is ugly, where souls are forgotten, where black is the colour, where none is the number. And I'll tell and speak it and think it and breathe it and reflect from the mountain so all souls can see it. And I'll stand on the ocean until I start sinking, but I'll know my song well before I start singing.
You see, boys forget what their country means by just reading 'the land of the free' in history books. And they get to be men - they forget even more. Liberty's too precious a thing to be buried in books, Miss Saunders. Men should hold it up in front of them every single day of their lives and say: 'I'm free to think and to speak. My ancestors couldn't, I can, and my children will.' Boys ought to grow up remembering that.
My ability is nothing more than having good luck... If it's not the result of one's effort, then it can't be used to accomplish something amazing, either. With or without it, the fact that I'm an unremarkable being doesn't change. It's different from all of you.
It was a dark and stormy night; the rain fell in torrents, except at occasional intervals, when it was checked by a violent gust of wind which swept up the streets (for it is in London that our scene lies), rattling along the housetops, and fiercely agitating the scanty flame of the lamps that struggled against the darkness.
And I am whatever you say I am. If I wasn't, then why would I say I am? In the paper, the news, every day I am. Radio won't even play my jam. 'Cause I am whatever you say I am. If I wasn't, then why would I say I am? In the paper, the news, every day I am. I don't know, it's just the way I am.
Under such circumstances I naturally gravitated to London, that great cesspool into which all the loungers and idlers of the Empire are irresistibly drained.
Funding. That's what makes your ships go up. I'll tell you something, and you guys too: No bucks, no Buck Rogers.
I called shelters to volunteer to serve food. It's Thanksgiving - you'd think they have needs. Nope. Every stupid soup kitchen in town turned me down because they have enough volunteers.
These premises do not come up to the standard required by this authority. Unless appropriate steps are taken instantly, I shall have no alternative but to prosecute or recommend closure to the appropriate committee of the council. Specifically, lack of proper cleaning routines, dirty and greasy filters, greasy and encrusted deep fat fryer, dirty, cracked, and stained food preparation surfaces, dirty, cracked, and missing wall and floor tiles, dirty, marked, and stained utensils, dirty and greasy interior surfaces of the ventilator hoods.
All typewriters are adjusted to type 6 lines to the inch from top to bottom. You should leave a top margin of one and a half inches (9 lines).
Your bill is ready. You take it over there and you introduce it. You get to your feet in the Senate and take a long breath and start spouting. But not too loud because a couple of the senators might want to sleep.
Take me ten minutes to get a king size Coke and a wedge of pie. That is if that peckerwood ain't sold out yet.
Races are not won in the first corner; however, they are often lost there. It's usually best to run as quick as you can for the first few laps, then settle into a comfortable, consistent pace.
Finally, there are those languages, such as Turkish, Finnish, Estonian, Hungarian, Indonesian, and Vietnamese, that are entirely consistent about gender simply because they have no grammatical gender at all. In such languages, even pronouns referring to human beings do not bear gender distinctions, so there aren't separate pronouns for "he" and "she."
If anything in this life is certain, if history has taught us anything, it is that you can kill anyone.
Sometimes you're the windshield, sometimes you're the bug. Sometimes it all comes together baby. Sometimes you're a fool in love. Sometimes you're the Louisville Slugger. Sometimes you're the ball. Sometimes it all comes together baby. Sometimes you're going to lose it all.
I said baby, I do this, I thought that, you knew this. Can't stand no haters and honest, the truth is. And my flow retarded, they speak it, depart it. Swagger on super, I can't shop at no department. Better get my money on time, if they not money, decline. And swear I meant that there so much that they give that line a rewind. So get my money on time, if they not money, decline. I just can't worry 'bout no haters, gotta stay on my grind. Now tell me, who that, who that. That do that, do that. Put that paper over all, I thought you knew that, knew that. I be that I-G-G-Y, put my name in bold. I been working, I'm up in here with some change to throw.
A survey of the 101 top-grossing G-rated movies from 1990 to 2005 found that less than a third of the speaking roles go to females, with no signs of improvement over time. As the Web site of the Geena Davis Institute, which sponsored the research, asks, "What message does this send to young children?"
I'm as mad as hell and I'm not going to take this anymore!
If you're committed enough, you can make any storey work. I once told a woman I was Kevin Costner, and it worked because I believed it.
And, anyway, it's not about making money, it's about taking money. Disrupting the status quo, because the status is not quo. The world is a mess and I just need to rule it.
Tears are handy for washing away troubling and sad feelings. But when you grow up, you'll learn that there are things so sad, they can never be washed away by tears. That there are painful memories that should never be washed away. So people who are truly strong laugh when they want to cry. They endure all of the pain and sorrow while laughing with everybody else.
At the time Galileo was becoming famous for his telescopic observations, Johannes Kepler, a German mathematician and astronomer, announced his discovery of a set of simple empirical (that is, based on observation) laws that accurately described the motions of the planets. While Galileo was the first "modern" observer who used telescopic observations of the skies to confront and refine his theories, Kepler was a pure theorist.
There were those of us who fought against this. But in the end, we could not keep up with the expense involved in the arms race, the space race, and the peace race. And at the same time, our people grumbled for more nylons and washing machines. Our Doomsday scheme cost us just a small fraction of what we'd been spending on defence in a single year. But the deciding factor was when we learnt that your country was working along similar lines, and we were afraid of a Doomsday gap.
You have an urgent look about you... Has something happened? Whatever it is, from the look on your face I suspect that it is no laughing matter.
No man is an island, entire of itself; every man is a piece of the continent, a part of the main. If a clod be washed away by the sea, Europe is the less, as well as if a promontory were, as well as if a manor of thy friend's or of thine own were: any man's death diminishes me, because I am involved in mankind, and therefore never send to know for whom the bell tolls; it tolls for thee.
I'm a good man, food on the table, working two jobs, ready willing and able, cheque. Good man, up having fun, got no kids and I love the Lord, cheque. Good man, I'm monogamous, never did time well, maybe just once, cheque. Good man and I puts it down, wanna say it twice but I puts it down, cheque. How could you ever walk away after all I've done for you? I feel like there's a knife in my back, babe. You might as well put it all the way through, good man.
I offered her a job at the desk. You can imagine what she said to that. If the economy hadn't bottomed out, she might have got along all right.
I'm not in existential crisis! Just the opposite. I was fine when existence had no meaning. Meaninglessness in a universe that has no meaning - that I get. But meaninglessness in a universe that has meaning... what does it mean?
We are amidst strange beings, in a strange land. The flow of time itself is convoluted, with heroes centuries old phasing in and out. The very fabric wavers and relations shift and obscure. There's no telling how much longer your world and mine will remain in contact. But, use this, to summon one another as spirits, cross the gaps between the worlds, and engage in jolly cooperation!
The lines left by youth deepen and become more conspicuous in age, and one can generally read the storey of the three first decades in the faces of older people. Mrs. Dorriman, suffering in her youth from injustice and a want of affection, bore the marks of both; nothing but her real sweetness of temper had saved her from peevishness, for fretfulness is as much the result of perpetual repression in one feeble by nature, as violence and anger is the outcome of an unchecked temper in youth.
My assets? Well, let's see. I'm a copywriter. Competent at best. But honest enough to wonder whether I wasn't a fraud from the start and deserved to be fired.
It was about this time I conceived the bold and arduous project of arriving at moral perfection. I wished to live without committing any fault at any time; I would conquer all that either natural inclination, custom, or company might lead me into. As I knew, or thought I knew, what was right and wrong, I did not see why I might not always do the one and avoid the other. But I soon found I had undertaken a task of more difficulty than I had imagined.
Wish we could turn back time, to the good old days. When our momma sang us to sleep but now we're stressed out, we're stressed out, sometimes a certain smell will take me back to when I was young.
If there is one thing the history of evolution has taught us it's that life will not be contained. Life breaks free, expands to new territory, and crashes through barriers, painfully, maybe even dangerously.
With age comes insecurity, embarrassment, and tragedy, increasing fear of growing old and lonely. I said I'd put on my dancing shoes but I've got two left feet and no good moves and the pretty girls found cooler kids than me. So I sat and waited patiently until the day I'd finally be asked, but it never came.
As happens sometimes, a moment settled and hovered and remained for much more than a moment. And sound stopped and movement stopped for much, much more than a moment.
'Cause I'm a 21st century digital boy. I don't know how to read but I've got a lot of toys. My daddy's a lazy middle class intellectual. My mommy's on Valium, so ineffectual. Ain't life a mystery, yeah?
The first crewed US space missions were named for Apollo, the god of archery and prophesy.
Look at these, they're amazing! Which one do you like more? This one, or this? The bird is beautiful, and the cage is somber, but there's really something special about it. I just can't decide.
To understand what I'm about to tell you, you need to do something first, you need to believe in the impossible. Can you do that? Good. Because all of us, we've forgotten what miracles look like. Maybe because they haven't made much of an appearance lately. Our lives have become ordinary. But there is someone out there who is truly extraordinary. I don't know where you came from, I don't know your name, but I have seen you do the impossible to protect the city I love. So for those of us who believe in you and what you're doing, I just want to say thank you.
Even if it's a dumb storey, telling it changes people just the slightest little bit, just as living the storey changes me. An infinitesimal change. And that infinitesimal change ripples outward - ever smaller but everlasting. I will get forgotten, but the storeys will last. And so we all matter - maybe less than a lot, but always more than none.
And so, does the destination matter? Or is it the path we take? I declare that no accomplishment has substance nearly as great as the road used to achieve it. We are not creatures of destinations. It is the journey that shapes us. Our callused feet, our backs strong from carrying the weight of our travels, our eyes open with the fresh delight of experiences lived.
Walked out this morning, I don't believe what I saw: a hundred billion bottles washed up on the shore. Seems I'm not alone in being alone. A hundred billion castaways looking for a home.
Your political future? Why, I bought it for you. I gave it to you as a present and I can grab it back so fast it'll make your head swim! You've got a nerve to sit there and worry about your political future when we're in a spot like this!
I lie here on this great immovable bed - it is nailed down, I believe - and follow that pattern about by the hour. It is as good as gymnastics, I assure you. I start, we'll say, at the bottom, down in the corner over there where it has not been touched, and I determine for the thousandth time that I WILL follow that pointless pattern to some sort of a conclusion.
I'm not sure she's capable of any real feelings. She's television generation. She learnt life from Bugs Bunny.
Quit complaining! This way I don't have to waste money on morphine! Well Smithers, you were right, he was not dead. I guess I owe you a Coke after all. And as for you, you clinking, clattering cacophony of collagenous cogs and camshifts, take that!
Anything that happens, happens. Anything that, in happening, causes something else to happen, causes something else to happen.
While there are few problems in today's world that the United States can solve alone, there are even fewer that can be solved without the United States.
I can't have a baby with you, because I already have a baby and his name is Fitzgerald Grant. And my baby is troubled, and angry, and exhausting, and brilliant, and he might actually change the world if I can keep my eyes on him every minute and make sure he eats his vegetables. And so I don't have the time or the energy or the extra space in my soul for another baby, James. I'm sorry, I don't. I can't. I don't have it in me to take care of someone else, because I'm busy taking care of the United States of America.
There is so much darkness in Ember, Lina. It's not just outside, it's inside us, too. Everyone has some darkness inside. It's like a hungry creature. It wants and wants and wants with a terrible power. And the more you give it, the bigger and hungrier it gets.
I'm getting a little tyred of people asking me if I care or not, because I do, but not enough to push women and children aside to get on a lifeboat.
Come, come here to meet T.B.C. If you want to ring the king, the computer is your thing. We, we, we are T., B. and C.
I can't make you love me if you don't. You can't make your heart feel something it won't. Here in the dark in these final hours I will lay down my heart and I'll feel the power.
With your feet on the air and your head on the ground, try this trick and spin it, yeah. Your head will collapse, but there's nothing in it, and you'll ask yourself "Where is my mind?"
She is frequently kind and she's suddenly cruel. She can do as she pleases, she's nobody's fool. But she can't be convicted, she's earned her degree, and the most she will do is throw shadows at you.
Wicked phenomenon, yes? But, you know, it's not any more "evil" than, say... fire. It all depends on your point of view. Try to get a better understanding of things before you make your judgement. Let's move out now, it's not safe here.
I have a dream that one day the state of Alabama, whose governor's lips are presently dripping with the words of interposition and nullification, will be transformed into a situation where little black boys and black girls will be able to join hands with little white boys and white girls and walk together as sisters and brothers.
Well, here at last, dear friends, on the shores of the Sea comes the end of our fellowship in Middle-earth. Go in peace! I will not say: do not weep; for not all tears are an evil.
Now the scandal and the light are to be distributed differently; it is the conviction itself that marks the offender with the unequivocally negative sign: the publicity has shifted to the trial, and to the sentence; the execution itself is like an additional shame that justice is ashamed to impose on the condemned man; so it keeps its distance from the act, tending always to entrust it to others, under the seal of secrecy.
The movements which work revolutions in the world are born out of the dreams and visions in a peasant's heart on the hillside.
Fools rush in where wise men never go, but wise men never fall in love so how are they to know? When we met I felt my life begin. So open up your heart and let this fool rush in.
Let folly be our cloak, a veil before the eyes of the Enemy! For he is very wise, and weighs all things to a nicety in the scales of his malice. But the only measure that he knows is desire, desire for power; and so he judges all hearts. Into his heart the thought will not enter that any will refuse it, that having the Ring we may seek to destroy it. If we seek this, we shall put him out of reckoning.
If you are given too many choices, if you are forced to consider much more than your unconscious is comfortable with, you get paralysed. Snap judgements can be made in a snap because they are frugal, and if we want to protect our snap judgements, we have to take steps to protect that frugality.
He spoke and rose to full height, sword in air, then cleft the man's brow square between the temples cutting his head in two - a dreadful gash between the cheeks all beardless. Earth resounded quivering at the great shock of his weight as he went tumbling down in all his armour, drenched with blood and brains; in equal halves his head hung this and that way from his shoulders.
It's possible, Pig, I might be bluffing. It's conceivable, you miserable, vomitous mass, that I'm only lying here because I lack the strength to stand. But, then again perhaps I have the strength after all. Drop your sword!
It's sometimes quite astonishing that a single, average life is enough to encompass so much that it's at all possible ever to have any success in one's work here.
And these medications have a legitimate use. They've helped a lot of people. It's a generational thing. You know teenagers always find a way to abuse something. And why not, right? Being zonked out of your mind is a lot more fun than dealing with your problems.
My hours of leisure I spent in reading the best authors, ancient and modern, being always provided with a good number of books; and when I was ashore, in observing the manners and dispositions of the people, as well as learning their language; wherein I had a great facility, by the strength of my memory.
But you'd have to walk a thousand miles in my shoes, just to see what it's like to be me. I'll be you, let's trade shoes, just to see what it'd be like to feel your pain, you feel mine. Go inside each other's minds, just to see what we find, look at stuff through each other's eyes.
The world of typing has changed. In the 1970s, every business had rooms full of secretaries whose job it was to type letters that had been hand-written. They were copying the writing into a more readable format. In the early 1980s, the personal computer became a common office machine.
Any finite number divided by infinity is as near to nothing as makes no odds, so the average population of all the planets in the Universe can be said to be zero. From this it follows that the population of the whole Universe is also zero, and that any people you may meet from time to time are merely the products of a deranged imagination.
Now my life has changed in oh so many ways, my independence seems to vanish in the haze. But every now and then I feel so insecure, I know that I just need you like I've never done before.
You see, George, you've really had a wonderful life. Don't you see what a mistake it would be to throw it away?
This was the storey of Howard Beale: the first known instance of a man who was killed because he had lousy ratings.
Like I said, my uncle used to drive his truck and drink Old Milwaukee. And, you know, insurance don't want to pay for accidents when you're drunk, so he came up with this plan. Every crack-up, he'd drive his truck to some deserted spot till he sobered up, fake a new accident to cover the damage he did drinking.
A wise man will not leave the right to the mercy of chance, nor wish it to prevail through the power of the majority.
There's a hole in the world like a great black pit. And the vermin of the world inhabit it. And its morals aren't worth what a pig could spit. And it goes by the name of London.
I would say he has quite a few problems. His energy seems to go in the wrong places. When I walked in and I saw you two sitting there, I could just tell by the way you were both relating that there was no connection whatsoever. And I felt when I walked in that there was something between us. There was an impulse that we were both following. So that gave me the right to come in and talk to you.
We live in an age when people do more writing than they have at any other time in history. Not only have computers made it easier to produce clean texts, but they've also allowed average writers to create documents that twenty years ago would have required professional designers.
I got that sunshine in my pocket, got that good soul in my feet. I feel that hot blood in my body when it drops. I can't take my eyes up off it, moving so phenomenally. Room on lock the way we rock it, so don't stop.
I got some good news and some bad news. The bad news is that your father has bought a condo in Flip City and the good news is that he is about to win the Civil War.
Ladies and gentlemen, this is your stewardess speaking. We regret any inconvenience the sudden cabin movement might have caused. This is due to periodic air pockets we encountered. There's no reason to become alarmed and we hope you enjoy the rest of your flight. By the way, is there anyone on board who knows how to fly a plane?
Years later he would say that when he'd decided to become a professional baseball player, it was the only time he'd done something just for the money, and that he'd never do something just for the money ever again. He would never again let the market dictate the direction of his life.
I don't know if I will have the time to write any more letters because I might be too busy trying to participate. So if this does end up being the last letter, I just want you to know that I was in a bad place before I started high school, and you helped me. Even if you didn't know what I was talking about or know someone who's gone through it, you made me not feel alone.
Never give up, no matter how far behind you are, no matter how unlikely it seems you will catch your competitor in front of you. Keep pushing until the chequered flag falls. How many times have you seen the leader of a race have a mechanical problem with only a few laps to go? You will never be able to take advantage of their problems if you are not close. You have to be close to take advantage of luck.
Waiter: What is your name? Aladeen: Allison Burgers. Waiter: That's a made up name. What's your real name? Aladeen: My name is Ladiz. Waiter: Ladiz what? Aladeen: Ladiz Washroom. Waiter: So your name is like the sign. Ladies washroom? That is a made up name, what is your real name? I am interested. We are interested. Aladeen: Emplyes. Waiter: Emplyes what!? Aladeen: Emplyes Mustwashhands. Waiter: That is a made up name. What is your real name. Aladeen: Max. Waiter: Max what? Aladeen: Imumoccupancy120. Waiter: There's a number in the name? WHO ARE YOU!?
Of course. Some circus owners are colossally rich, with houses, diamonds, and automobiles, or whatever they're called. Of course, that's in America.
I hope you still feel small when you stand beside the ocean. Whenever one door closes I hope one more opens. Promise me that you'll give faith a fighting chance when you get the choice to sit it out or dance.
On rainy afternoons, embroidering with a group of friends on the begonia porch, she would lose the thread of the conversation and a tear of nostalgia would salt her palate when she saw the strips of damp earth and the piles of mud that the earthworms had pushed up in the garden.
He said we came here solely on my account, that I was to have perfect rest and all the air I could get. "Your exercise depends on your strength, my dear," said he, "and your food somewhat on your appetite; but air you can absorb all the time." So we took the nursery at the top of the house. It is a big, airy room, the whole floor nearly, with windows that look all ways, and air and sunshine galore. It was nursery first and then playroom and gymnasium, I should judge; for the windows are barred for little children, and there are rings and things in the walls.
You know, you go to thrift shops and you go to garage sales because you think you're going to find something that's, you know, real rare. And most of the time, it's a total waste of time, but once in a while, you'll, you'll come up with something that'll whet your appetite.
You know, Marty, I'm gonna be very sad to see you go. You've really made a difference in my life. You've given me something to shoot for. Just knowing that I'm going to be around to see 1985. That I'm gonna succeed in this! That I'm gonna have a chance to travel through time!
Just observation and deduction. I see a propensity for obesity, poverty, a yen for fairy tales. Folks putting what few bucks they do have into a little wicker basket being passed around. I think it's safe to say nobody here's gonna be splitting the atom, Marty.
The TV ad featured Jamie on drums, bashing out a pukka rhythm and wearing a gummy open-mouthed grin, like a drunk who's just kicked his own teeth out and thinks it's hilarious. It caused many to regard Mr. Oliver with a level of contempt normally reserved for war criminals.
Like if you met me you wouldn't think I was the weird kid who spent time in the hospital. And I wouldn't make you nervous. I hope it's okay for me to think that. You see, I haven't really talked to anyone outside of my family all summer. But tomorrow is my first day of high school ever and I need to turn things around. So I have a plan. As I enter the school for the first time I will visualise what it would be like on the last day of my senior year. Unfortunately I counted and that's 1385 days.
Outside the street's on fire in a real death waltz, between what's flesh and what's fantasy. And the poets down here don't write nothing at all. They just stand back and let it all be. And in the quick of a knife, they reach for their moment and try to make an honest stand, but they wind up wounded, not even dead.
Consider this: Is the pious being loved by the gods because it is pious, or is it pious because it is being loved by the Gods? We speak of something carried and something carrying, of something led and something leading, of something seen and something seeing, and you understand that these things are all different from one another and how they differ? So there is also something loved and - a different thing - something loving.
The more things change, the more they stay the same. I'm not sure who the first person was who said that. Probably Shakespeare. Or maybe Sting. But at the moment, it's the sentence that best explains my tragic flaw: my inability to change. I don't think I'm alone in this. The more I get to know other people, the more I realise it's kind of everyone's flaw. Staying exactly the same for as long as possible, standing perfectly still... it feels safer somehow.
I've paid my dues time after time. I've done my sentence but committed no crime. And bad mistakes, I've made a few. I've had my share of sand kicked in my face, but I've come through.
She may be the face I can't forget. The trace of pleasure or regret may be my treasure or the price I have to pay. She may be the song that summer sings. May be the chill the autumn brings. May be a hundred different things within the measure of a day.
There's a diary. Here's the last page. It's all over. The fishmen attack if I make even the slightest noise. I'd rather have my gums scraped than have to fight these fiends.
Look, everything we're putting into that box becomes ungrounded, and I don't mean grounded like to the earth, I mean, not tethered. I mean, we're blocking whatever keeps it moving forward and so they flip-flop. Inside the box it's like a street - both ends are cul-dae-sacs. I mean, this isn't frame dragging or wormhole magic, this is basic mechanics and heat 101.
Am I glad to see you! The Princess... and I... and, well, everybody... we're all trapped inside the castle walls. Bowser has stolen the castle's Stars, and he's using their power to create his own world in the paintings and walls. Please recover the Power Stars! As you find them, you can use their power to open the doors that Bowser has sealed. There are four rooms on the first floor. Start in the one with the painting of Bob-omb inside. It's the only room that Bowser hasn't sealed. When you collect eight Power Stars, you'll be able to open the door with the big star. The Princess must be inside!
Then suddenly Prince Andre was speaking for himself, his accent all but unnoticeable, and his gaze alert, even challenging. "Miss Hawley thinks buying stocks is a good idaea. But do not stock prices continue down?" "The stock market should turn around any day now," said Miss Hawley.
We sit silently and watch the world around us. This has taken us a lifetime to learn. It seems only the old are able to sit next to one another and not say anything and still feel content. The young, brash and impatient, must always break the silence. It is a waste, for silence is pure.
And if you lose me, then you'll know I, I loved you. And I wanted to go on loving you.
I was just guessing at numbers and figures, pulling the puzzles apart. Questions of science, science and progress do not speak as loud as my heart.
You cannot pass! I am a servant of the Secret Fire, wielder of the Flame of Anor. The dark fire will not avail you, Flame of Udun! Go back to the shadow. You shall not pass!
She would not say of any one in the world now that they were this or were that. She felt very young; at the same time unspeakably aged. She sliced like a knife through everything; at the same time was outside, looking on. She had a perpetual sense, as she watched the taxi cabs, of being out, out, far out to the sea and alone; she always had the feeling that it was very, very dangerous to live even one day.
Sometimes it makes me sad, though... Andy being gone. I have to remind myself that some birds aren't meant to be caged. Their feathers are just too bright. And when they fly away, the part of you that knows it was a sin to lock them up DOES rejoice. But still, the place you live in is that much more drab and empty that they're gone. I guess I just miss my friend.
City of stars, are you shining just for me? City of stars, there's so much that I can't see. Who knows? Is this the start of something wonderful and new? Or one more dream that I cannot make true?
Hope you're feeling better now, hope you got my letter, how is my stormy weather now, is it gonna change?
Look Dave, I can see you're really upset about this. I honestly think you ought to sit down calmly, take a stress pill, and think things over.
Did it matter then, she asked herself, walking towards bond street, did it matter that she must inevitably cease completely; all this must go on without her; did she resent it; or did it not become consoling to believe that death ended absolutely?
You know, pizza's actually not from Italy. I read that Marco Polo discovered it in China and then brought it back to Italy.
The fourth floor is awful! The DMV, Divorce Filings, Probation Offices, ugh. They put a popcorn machine up there just to brighten things up, but they used the wrong kind of oil and a bunch of people had to get their throats replaced.
This place is like somebody's memory of a town, and the memory is fading. It's like there was never anything here but jungle.
And when he rode past I seen he was carryin' fire in a horn the way people used to do and I could see the horn from the light inside of it. About the colour of the moon.
I have here, Harold, the forms sent out by the National Computer Dating Service. It seems to me that as you do not get along with the daughters of my friends, this is the best way for you to find a prospective wife. Please, Harold, we have a lot to do and I have to be at the hairdresser's at three. The Computer Dating Service offers you at least three dates on the initial investment. They screen out the fat and ugly, so it is obviously a firm of high standards.
When she returns to the forum page, her post is there. It is a way now, approximately, of being at home. The forum has become one of the most consistent places in her life, like a familiar cafe that exists somehow outside of geography and beyond time zones.
Power doesn't have to show off. Power is confident, self-assuring, self-starting and self-stopping, self-warming and self-justifying. When you have it, you know it.
May your hands always be busy, may your feet always be swift. May you have a strong foundation when the winds of changes shift. May your heart always be joyful, may your song always be sung, and may you stay forever young.
Ticking away the moments that make up a dull day, you fritter and waste the hours in an off-hand way. Kicking around on a piece of ground in your home town, waiting for someone or something to show you the way. Tyred of lying in the sunshine, staying home to watch the rain. You are young and life is long, and there is time to kill today. And then, one day you find, ten years have got behind you, no one told you when to run, you missed the starting gun.
I took her to a supermarket. I don't know why, but I had to start it somewhere: so it started there. I said, "Pretend you've got no money." She just laughed and said, "Oh, you're so funny." I said, "Yeah? Well, I can't see anyone else smiling in here - are you sure you want to live like common people?"
Indonesia is a nation of islands - more than seventeen thousand in all, spread along the equator between the Indian and Pacific Oceans. Most Americans can't locate Indonesia on a map. The fact is puzzling to Indonesians, since for the past sixty years the fate of their nation has been directly tied to U.S. foreign policy.
Her Majesty created the Torchwood Institute with the express intention of keeping Britain great and fighting the alien horde.
So if you're feeling lonely, don't. You're the only one I'll ever want. I only want to make it go. So if I love you a little more than I should.
And if you were prejudiced, you'd walk around thinking that you're better than anybody else in the world. But I can honestly say, after spending these marvellous moments with you, you ain't better than anybody.
I've been alone with you inside my mind and in my dreams I've kissed your lips a thousand times. I sometimes see you pass outside my door. Hello, is it me you're looking for? I can see it in your eyes, I can see it in your smile. You're all I've ever wanted and my arms are open wide, cause you know just what to say and you know just what to do. And I want to tell you so much, I love you.
When a majority of the people are hungry and cold they will take by force what they need.
On the way to the bus stop, Bill saw somebody he recognised walking towards him, but he couldn't remember his name. He began to think of things to say when they'd be close enough to acknowledge each other. As they drew nearer, their eyes locked, uncertain if the other was gonna stop to talk. The person greeted Bill as Bill mixed up the phrases "What's up" with "How's it going?" Confused, the person blurted out "Thanks" before he knew what he was saying. Words caught in Bill's throat and he replied, "Weh." They did a sort of awkward half turn, and then continued on now confident that the other was not gonna stop to talk. They never saw each other again, and a day later had each forgotten the whole thing.
No offence, but NASA spends fifteen years, hundreds of millions of dollars so that we can watch man walk on the moon and in the end it falls to you blokes! I mean, how do you feel about that?
Mac knew the score even if Aunt Ella didn't. Shot through the left lung and that was that, as they say. Believe it was that night. She buried him the next mornin'. Diggin' in that hard caliche. What you got ain't nothin' new. This country is hard on people. Hard and crazy. Got the devil in it yet folks never seem to hold it to account.
Well, Mr. Gardner, I must admit that is one of the most refreshing and optimistic statements I've heard in a very, very long time. I admire your good, solid sense. That's precisely what we lack on Capitol Hill.
And so it went, night after night, year after year. In fact, the Hansens had been in a living hell ever since that fateful day the neighbour's "For Sale" sign had come down and a family of howler monkeys had moved in.
Not only do we come into fairly regular contact with people who want to know what our family looks like, but we also must navigate a vast array of organisations and agencies that have their own definitions of family and may, at times, impose them on us.
I never sleep, I don't know why. I had a roommate and I drove her nuts, I mean really nuts. They had to take her away in an ambulance and everything. But she's okay now, but she had to transfer to an easier school, but I don't know if that had anything to do with being my fault. But listen, if you ever need to talk or you need help studying just let me know, 'cause I'm just a couple doors down from you guys and I never sleep, okay?
Your scientists have yet to discover how neural networks create self-consciousness let alone how the human brain processes two-dimensional retinal images into the three-dimensional phenomenon known as perception. Yet you somehow brazenly declare seeing is believing?
So, I'm tending bar there at Ecklund & Swedlin's last Tuesday and this little guy's drinking and he says, "So where can a guy find some action - I'm goin' crazy down there at the lake." And I says, "What kinda action?" and he says, "Woman action, what do I look like?" And I says, "Well, what do I look like? I don't arrange that kinda thing."
Source routing is a way of moving a packet through a network in which the path is predetermined by the source or some device that tells the source about the path. The path information is placed in the packet. When the packet arrives at a switching device, no forwarding decision is necessary. The device looks at the path information in the packet to determine the port on which it should forward the packet.
My father taught me many things here - he taught me in this room. He taught me: keep your friends close, but your enemies closer.
I'm interested in upgrading my 28.8 kilobaud internet connection to a 1.5 megabit fibre optic T1 line. Will you be able to provide an IP router that's compatible with my token ring ethernet LAN configuration?
We climbed, he first and I behind, until through a small round opening ahead of us, I saw the lovely things the heavens hold, and we came out to see once more the stars.
Demand is related to wants. If goods and services were free, people would simply demand whatever they wanted. Such wants are virtually boundless: perhaps limited only by people's imagination. Supply, on the other hand, is limited. It is related to resources. The amount firms can supply depends on the resources and technology available.
Whenever life gets you down, Mrs. Brown, and things seem hard or tough, and people are stupid, obnoxious, or daft, and you feel that you've had quite enough, just remember that you're standing on a planet that's evolving, and revolving at 900 miles an hour. That's orbiting at 90 miles a second, so it's reckoned, a sun that is the source of all our power. The sun and you and me and all the stars that we can see are moving a million miles a day in an outer spiral arm at 40,000 miles an hour in a galaxy we call the Milky Way.
Like painting, most software is intended for a human audience. And so hackers, like painters, must have empathy to do really great work. You have to be able to see things from the user's point of view.
Unhappy is he to whom the memories of childhood bring only fear and sadness. Wretched is he who looks back upon lone hours in vast and dismal chambers with brown hangings and maddening rows of antique books, or upon awed watches in twilight groves of grotesque, gigantic, and vine-encumbered trees that silently wave twisted branches far aloft. Such a lot the gods gave to me - to me, the dazed, the disappointed; the barren, the broken. And yet I am strangely content, and cling desperately to those sere memories, when my mind momentarily threatens to reach beyond to the other.
With no map to navigate one's life, some of us have stood stock-still. In such a world of confused roles, time lines, and expectations, the simplest decisions could sometimes become problematic. Forget figuring out how to chart a career and start a family; some of us, like the characters on Seinfeld, couldn't figure out how to go to the movies.
Maybe if we felt any human loss as keenly as we feel one of those close to us, human history would be far less bloody.
First, your return to shore was not part of our negotiations nor our agreement so I must do nothing. And secondly, you must be a pirate for the pirate's code to apply and you're not. And thirdly, the code is more what you'd call "guidelines" than actual rules. Welcome aboard the Black Pearl, Miss Turner.
Jay earned himself a promotion to lieutenant on the strength of his commonsense suggestion that the army could save lots of cargo space by deboning beef before shipping it overseas.
Look, you should admit to yourself that Microsoft will miss you for a month or two. Someone will quickly fill the void. It will be like you never worked there. Ask yourself, "Are there thousands lining up to help poor villages build schools and libraries?"
And I don't believe in the existence of angels but looking at you I wonder if that's true. But if I did I would summon them together, and ask them to watch over you.
In your heart I see the start of every night and every day. In your eyes I get lost, I get washed away. Just as long as I'm here in your arms I could be in no better place.
So, you gave him a pass, Dr. Sanderson? Perhaps they neglected to tell you at medical school that a rabbit has large pointed ears? Do you know what you've done? You've allowed a psychopathic case to walk out of here and roam around with an overgrown white rabbit! You've laid me open to a lawsuit! I shall have to do something I haven't done for fifteen years! I'll have to go after this man, Dowd, and bring him back! But when I do, Dr. Sanderson, your connection with this institution will have ended - as of that moment!
Do not go gentle into that good night. Old age should burn and rave at close of day; rage, rage against the dying of the light. Though wise men at their end know dark is right, because their words had forked no lightning they do not go gentle into that good night. Good men, the last wave by, crying how bright their frail deeds might have danced in a green bay, rage, rage, against the dying of the light. Wild men who caught and sang the sun in flight, and learn, too late, they grieved it on its way, do not go gentle into that good night.
Radiation could be precisely determined, in principle, if we knew the reflectance of mozzarella and the cardboard in the long-wavelength regions of interest.
Ron refuses to tell anyone when his birthday is. He's even had it redacted on all government documents. Three years of investigations, phone calls, Freedom of Information Act requests, and I still had nothing, until a well-placed bribe to a gentleman at Baskin Robbins revealed... Ron's birthday is on Friday!
And that's what this whole thing is about. Calling home. Instinctively. Even when all the paperwork - a marriage licence, a notarised deed, two birth certificates, and seven years of tax returns - clearly indicates you're an adult, but all the same, there you are, clutching the phone and thanking God that you're still somebody's daughter.
Don't practise too much at first, or you're likely to develop incorrect patterns or movements. Instead, begin with a few laps, maintaining intense concentration and motivation. If you begin to repeat an error, or if your concentration or attention starts to fade, if you start to become casual, then stop. Clear your head, get your concentration and motivation back, then go again.
Luria said of Zazetsky that he had entirely lost his capacity to play games but that his "vivid imagination" was unimpaired. Zazetsky and Dr P. lived in worlds which were mirror images of each other. But the saddest difference between them was that Zazetsky, as Luria said, "fought to regain his lost faculties with the indomitable tenacity of the damned," whereas Dr P. was not fighting, did not know what was lost, did not indeed know that anything was lost. But who was more tragic, or who was more damned - the man who knew it, or the man who did not?
Sometimes it's the very people who no one imagines anything of who do the things no one can imagine.
While there are few problems in today's world that the United States can solve alone, there are even fewer that can be solved without the United States. Everything that I have done and seen has convinced me that America remains the "indispensable nation." I am just as convinced, however, that our leadership is not a birthright. It must be earned by every generation.
I do not wish any reward but to know I have done the right thing.
He'll tell you that in nature one creature invariably eats another to survive. Don't kid yourself, Jimmy. If a cow ever got the chance, he'd eat you and everyone you care about!
Having endured the racial turmoil of the Civil Rights Movement without the overt violent conflict that haunted some of its southern neighbours, Atlanta was a city obsessed with economic progress. Just as editor Henry Grady had looked north for investment and support in the wake of the Civil War, the city's newest generation of boosters saw international dollars as the future for Atlanta.
For the first time, he heard something that he knew to be music. He heard people singing. Behind him, across vast distances of space and time, from the place he had left, he thought he heard music too. But perhaps, it was only an echo.
Although the United Nations does not have the power to enforce decisions or compel nations to take military action, the ability to compel member nations to impose economic sanctions against countries guilty of violating security orders gives it significant power in the world stage.
At 211 degrees, water is hot. At 212 degrees, it boils. And with boiling water, comes steam. And with steam, you can power a train. One degree more equals exponential results.
Soon I'll be sixty years old, my daddy got sixty-one. Remember life and then your life becomes a better one. I made a man so happy when I wrote a letter once. I hope my children come and visit, once or twice a month.
Hi, Ben. So you want to be an actor, huh? Well, I got to tell you, it's no picnic. There's tons of rejection. No stability. I mean, one day you're Dr. Drake Ramoray. The next day you're eating ketchup right out of the bottle.
It used to be risky for a scientist to assert that anything about human behaviour was innate. To back up such claims, you had to show that the trait was hardwired, unchangeable by experience, and found in all cultures.
I just want to tell you how I'm feeling. Gotta make you understand. Never gonna give you up, never gonna let you down, never gonna run around and desert you. Never gonna make you cry, never gonna say goodbye, never gonna tell a lie and hurt you.
She's got a smile that, it seems to me, reminds me of childhood memories, where everything was as fresh as the bright blue sky. Now and then when I see her face she takes me away to that special place and if I'd stare too long I'd probably break down and cry.
Even a few people leaving would reverberate through the entire user base. The users are interconnected; that is the whole point. College kids are online because their friends are online, and if one domino goes, the other dominoes go. Don't you get that?
All Ninja are men of peace, and must always remain so or lose many of the special powers they have developed. Beyond this, the Ninja are also adept at fieldcraft, infiltrating, and espionage.
You should have acted. They're already here. The Elder Scrolls told of their return. Their defeat was merely a delay, 'til the time after Oblivion opened, when the sons of Skyrim would spill their own blood. But no one wanted to believe, believe they even existed. And when the truth finally dawned, it dawns in fire!
If the essence of creativity is linking disparate facts and ideas, then the more facility you have making associations, and the more facts and ideas you have at your disposal, the better you'll be at coming up with new ideas. As Buzan likes to point out, Mnemosyne, the goddess of memory, was the mother of the Muses.
Races are not won in the first corner; however, they are often lost there. It's usually best to run as quick as you can for the first few laps, then settle into a comfortable, consistent pace - all the while ready to take advantage of any opportunity to pass. Never turn down an opportunity to pass - you may not get it again.
You know, I've been in this game for a lot of years and I got out alive. If you want my advice - give up.
Swinging Belleville rendez-vous. Marathon dancing doop dee doop. Vaudou Cancan balais taboo. Au Belleville swinging rendez-vous.
Although Dr. Manhattan was the most prominent by far of the "New Breed" of costumed heroes, he wasn't quite the first nor by any means the last. In the closing months of 1958, the papers mentioned that a major opium and heroin smuggling racket had been ousted by a young adventurer named Ozymandias, who seemed to have quickly gained a reputation amongst the criminal fraternity for his boundless and implacable intelligence, not to mention a large degree of athletic prowess.
Nothing I do is my fault. My family is dysfunctional, and my parents won't empower me! Consequently, I'm not self-actualised! My behaviour is addictive functioning in a disease process of codependency! I need holistic healing and wellness before I accept any responsibility for my actions!
The terminator wouldn't stop, it would never leave him. It would never hurt him or shout at him or get drunk and hit him or say it was too busy to spend time with him. And it would die to protect him. Of all the would-be fathers that came over the years, this thing, this machine, was the only thing that measured up. In an insane world, it was the sanest choice.
Kryten: Sir, I just can't eat any more raw coffee. Lister: [pouring a jar of coffee grounds into his bowl] Two more bowls. Kryten: But I, sir, I am sober, honest! Lister: OK, who are you and why are you here? Kryten: I'm some kind of robot, who's fighting this virus, and none of this exists. It's all in a fever. Except for you guys, who really do exist, only you're not really here, you're really in some spaceship in the future. If that's got to make sense, I don't wanna *be* sober!
That's different for everybody. You add up all your mortal sins, multiply that number by 50, then you add up all your venial sins and multiply that by 25. You add them together, and that's your sentence. I figure I'm gonna have to do about 6,000 years before I get accepted into heaven. And 6,000 years is nothing in eternity terms. I could do that standing on my head. It's like a couple of days here.
Who are you talking to right now? Who is it you think you see? Do you know how much I make a year? I mean, even if I told you, you wouldn't believe it. Do you know what would happen if I suddenly decided to stop going into work? A business big enough that it could be listed on the NASDAQ goes belly up. Disappears! It ceases to exist without me. No, you clearly don't know who you're talking to, so let me clue you in. I am not in danger, Skyler. I am the danger. A guy opens his door and gets shot and you think that of me? No. I am the one who knocks!
And I thought about then to myself that there were many things wrong with all of us and all our lives and I wondered why my father, who was himself an only son, had not married before he was forty and then I wondered why he had. I even thought that perhaps he had to marry my mother and checked the dates on the flyleaf of the Bible when I learnt that my oldest sister had been born a prosaic eleven months after the marriage, and I felt myself then very dirty and based for my lack of faith and for what I thought and done.
And I said, I don't care if they lay me off either, because I told Bill that if they move my desk one more time, then I'm quitting, I'm going to quit.
When you run with the Doctor it feels like it'll never end. But however hard you try you can't run forever. Everybody knows that everybody dies and nobody knows it like the Doctor. But I do think that all the skies of all the worlds might just turn dark if he ever for one moment accepts it.
I want to say I'm sorry for stuff I haven't done yet. Things will shortly get completely out of hand, I can feel it in the rotten air tonight. In the tips of my finger, in the skin on my face, in the weak last gasp of the evening's dying light. In the way those eyes I've always loved illuminate this place. Like a trashcan fire in a prison cell, like the searchlights in the parking lots of hell.
Sometimes I wondered if I was seeing the same things through my eyes that the rest of the world was seeing through theirs. Maybe there was a glitch in my brain.
I gave a letter to the postman, he put it his sack. Bright in early next morning he brought my letter back. She wrote upon it, "return to sender, address unknown. No such number, no such zone."
"There's no truth in the courtroom. There's just your version of what happened versus theirs. That's how the justice system works. It's not what's right and what's fair. It's who tells the most convincing storey."
When the shadow of the sash appeared on the curtains it was between seven and eight o'clock and then I was in time again, hearing the watch. It was Grandfather's and when Father gave it to me he said I give you the mausoleum of all hope and desire; it's rather excruciatingly apt that you will use it to gain the reducto absurdum of all human experience which can fit your individual needs no better than it fitted his or his father's.
The streets looked small, of course. The streets that we have only seen as children always do I believe when we go back to them.
You held me down, but I got up, already brushing off the dust. You hear my voice, you hear that sound like thunder, gonna shake your ground. You held me down, but I got up. Get ready cause I've had enough. I see it all, I see it now.
Everyone puts on their biggest smile and people line the streets and cheer. A booming voice announces the show for that evening.
It's zero hour, Michael. It's the end of the line. I'm the firstborn. Sick of playing second fiddle. Always third in line for everything. Tyred of finishing fourth. Being the fifth wheel. There are six things I'm mad about, and I'm taking over.
You used to get it in your fishnets, now you only get it in your night dress. Discarded all the naughty nights for niceness. Landed in a very common crisis.
Listen, Jim, a simpleton of all times. A big-eyed baby. Knows Lincoln and Washington by heart. Stands at attention in the Governor's presence. He even collects stray boys and cats.
IBM is like Switzerland: conservative, a little dull, yet prosperous. It has committees to verify each decision. The safety net is so big that it is hard to make a bad decision or any decision at all.
An essential characteristic of the superhero mythology is, there's the superhero, and there's the alter ego. Batman is actually Bruce Wayne, Spider-Man is actually Peter Parker. When he wakes up in the morning, he's Peter Parker. He has to put on a costume to become Spider-Man. And it is in that characteristic that Superman stands alone. Superman did not become Superman, Superman was born Superman.
I'm a broke-nose fighter. I'm a loose-lipped liar. Searching for the edge of darkness. But all I get is just tyred.
You were the chosen one! It was said that you would destroy the Sith, not join them. You were to bring balance to the Force, not leave it in darkness.
It was an effect of light: quick sunlight dappling, yellow leaves falling (but from what? Were there even trees on West Fifty-seventh Street?), a shower of gold, spangled, very fast, a falling of the bright. Later I watched for this effect on similar bright days but never again experienced it.
Love in action is a harsh and dreadful thing compared to love in dreams.
Words are, in my not-so-humble opinion, our most inexhaustible source of magic. Capable of both inflicting injury, and remedying it.
It is not the responsibility of knights errant to discover whether the afflicted, the enchained and the oppressed whom they encounter on the road are reduced to these circumstances and suffer this distress for their vices, or for their virtues: the knight's sole responsibility is to succour them as people in need, having eyes only for their sufferings, not for their misdeeds.
One respondent said "For women - a lot of games are crap - they're about armies and shooting. Ninety percent of games are not what I consider provocative for a broad audience." This seems to be a common concern.
Time I'm sure will bring disappointments in so many things. It seems to be the way when you're gambling cards on love you play. I'd rather be in hell with you, baby, than in cool heaven.
Anyone could become obsessed with the past with a background like that!
I can see the sun, but even if I cannot see the sun, I know that it exists. And to know that the sun is there - that is living.
Hello, hello, hello. With the lights out, it's less dangerous. Here we are now, entertain us. I feel stupid and contagious. Here we are now, entertain us. A mulatto, an albino, a mosquito, my libido. Yeah!
You have to wonder: how do the machines know what Tasty Wheat tasted like? Maybe they got it wrong. Maybe what I think Tasty Wheat tasted like actually tasted like oatmeal, or tuna fish. That makes you wonder about a lot of things. You take chicken, for example: maybe they couldn't figure out what to make chicken taste like, which is why chicken tastes like everything.
His long black hair crackled, and crazy energies flashed out from the tips of his long fingers.
My son, from whence this madness, this neglect of my commands, and those whom I protect? Why this unmanly rage? Recall to mind whom you forsake, what pledges leave behind.
I will always speak the truth to you, Herb Asher," the boy continued. "There is no deceit in God. I want you to live. I made you live once before, when you lay in psychological death. God does not desire any living thing's death; God takes no delight in nonexistence. Do you know what God is, Herb Asher? God is He Who causes to be. Put another way, if you seek the basis of being that underlies everything you will surely find God.
Unjust laws exist: shall we be content to obey them, or shall we endeavour to amend them, and obey them until we have succeeded, or shall we transgress them at once? Men, generally, under such a government as this, think that they ought to wait until they have persuaded the majority to alter them. They think that, if they should resist, the remedy would be worse than the evil. But it is the fault of the government itself that the remedy is worse than the evil. It makes it worse.
Look, a guy who builds a nice chair doesn't owe money to everyone who ever has built a chair, okay? They came to me with an idaea, I had a better one.
No I'm not. I'm not the best version of me. I love being The Flash. I love everything about it. The feeling of running hundreds of miles per hour, wind and power just rushing past my face, being able to help people. I'm not sure I can live without it Caitlin.
Schneizel has surrendered to me. As a result of this, I am in control of both the Damocles and the FLEIA Weapons. And not even the Black Knights have the strength to oppose me now. If anyone dares to resist my supreme authority, they shall know the devastating powers of the FLEIA's! Those who could challenge my Military Rule no longer exist. Yes, from this day, from this moment forward, the world belongs to me!
A chorus is the high-point of a lyric's energy as well as the music's energy. In the chorus you declare what the song is really about.
Who am I? I haunt your dreams like a ghost, for I know what scares you most. So you run, run! As fast as you can! There's no escape from the magic man.
In groups where there are high levels of emotional and social static - whether it be from fear or anger, from rivalries or resentments - people cannot offer their best. But harmony allows a group to take maximum advantage of its most creative and talented members' abilities.
When we pulled out into the winter night and the real snow, our snow, began to stretch out beside us and twinkle against the windows, and the dim lights of small Wisconsin stations moved by, a sharp wild brace came suddenly into the air. We drew in deep breaths of it as we walked back from dinner through the cold vestibules, unutterably aware of our identity with this country for one strange hour, before we melted indistinguishably into it again.
Look, I understand too little too late. I realise there are things you say and do you can never take back. But what would you be if you didn't even try? You have to try. So after a lot of thought, I'd like to reconsider. Please, if it's not too late, make it a cheeseburger.
Perhaps it might be better, Mr. President, if you were more concerned with the American People than with your image in the history books.
Eating, bathing, having a girlfriend, having an active social life is incidental, it gets in the way of code time. Writing code is the primary force that drives our lives so anything that interrupts that is wasteful.
Ever since I was a child, folks have thought they had me pegged, because of the way I am, the way I talk. And they're always wrong.
Humpty Dumpty sat on a wall, Humpty Dumpty had a great fall. Four-score Men and Four-score more, could not make Humpty Dumpty where he was before.
He said that if culture is a house, then language was the key to the front door; to all the rooms inside. Without it, he said, you ended up wayward, without a proper home or a legitimate identity.
London! Madrid! Bangkok! Moscow! Cincinnati! From the four corners of the world, from the news capitals at home and abroad, the day's headlines brought into focus. The issues and events that shape our times! WKRP, the information beacon of the Ohio Valley, presents Les Nessman and the news!
For once I can touch what my heart used to dream of long before I knew someone warm like you would make my dreams come true.
A computer needs a manager to administer its operations, just as a company needs a manager. And that is what DOS is. A manager.
When the green lights came on, pedestrians skirted or jumped across the puddles gathering at the kerbs.
Love. The reason I dislike that word is that it means too much for me, far more than you can understand.
Daddy's flown across the ocean. Leaving just a memory. A snapshot in the family album. Daddy, what else did you leave for me? Daddy, what'd ya leave behind for me? All in all, it was just a brick in the wall. All in all, it was all just bricks in the wall.
Welcome to Fight Club. The first rule of Fight Club is: you do not talk about Fight Club. The second rule of Fight Club is: you do not talk about Fight Club! Third rule of Fight Club: someone yells "stop!", goes limp, taps out, the fight is over. Fourth rule: only two guys to a fight. Fifth rule: one fight at a time, fellas. Sixth rule: No shirts, no shoes. Seventh rule: fights will go on as long as they have to. And the eighth and final rule: if this is your first time at Fight Club, you have to fight.
After removal from the oven, the pizza is sliced and plated quickly in a flat cardboard box, which is immediately closed and often taped shut.
Well, when I came home from school my head started to get really hot. So I drank some cold water, but it didn't do nothing. So I laid in the bathtub for a while, but then I realised that it was my hair that was making my head hot. So I went into my kitchen and I shaved it all off. I don't want anyone to see.
Any physical theory is always provisional, in the sense that it is only a hypothesis: you can never prove it. No matter how many times the results of experiments agree with some theory, you can never be sure that the next time the result will not contradict the theory.
Not so happy, yet much happier. Thou shalt get kings, though thou be none.
They got the greatest country in the world here. The highest standard of living. The grossest national product.
Look and think as far ahead as possible. Often, a driver's natural reaction is to look at the wall or the point you're just about to get to. That's not enough. You won't drive a smooth, flowing line if you don't look far ahead.
Moreover, as I was still in the prime of life, it pleased me better to be up and doing.
If you're a spirit and you can travel to other dimensions and galaxies and find out the mysteries of the universe, you think she's going to want to hang around Drexler's funeral home on Ocean Parkway?
To think that the affairs of this life always remain in the same state is a vain presumption; indeed they all seem to be perpetually changing and moving in a circular course. Spring is followed by summer, summer by autumn, and autumn by winter, which is again followed by spring, and so time continues its everlasting round. But the life of man is ever racing to its end, swifter than time itself, without hope of renewal, unless in the next that is limitless and infinite.
Writing is hard work. A clear sentence is no accident. Very few sentences come out right the first time, or even the third time. Remember this in moments of despair. If you find that writing is hard, it's because it is hard.
She had waited all her life for something and it had killed her when it found her.
If he stayed at home and carried on with his normal life he would be a thousand times superior to these people and could get any of them out of his way just with a kick.
She was a genius of sadness, immersing herself in it, separating its numerous strands, appreciating its subtle nuances. She was a prism through which sadness could be divided into its infinite spectrum. Brod discovered 613 sadnesses, each perfectly unique, each a singular emotion, no more similar to any other sadness than to anger, ecstasy, guilt, or frustration.
The hottest places in hell are reserved for those who, in times of great moral crisis, maintain their neutrality.
Through these fields of destruction, baptisms of fire, I've witnessed your suffering as the battle raged higher. And though they did hurt me so bad in the fear and alarm you did not desert me, my brothers in arms.
A few light taps upon the pane made him turn to the window. It had begun to snow again.
That's the way romance is. Usually that's the way that it goes, but every once in a while it goes the other way, too.
The bizarre thing is, is that I did it for my old man... I tortured this poor kid, because I wanted him to think that I was cool. He's always going off about you know when he was in school, all the wild things he used to do. And I got the feeling that he was disappointed that I never cut loose on anyone, right?
Strange, isn't it? Each man's life touches so many other lives. When he isn't around he leaves an awful hole, doesn't he?
King, eh? Very nice. And how'd you get that, eh? By exploiting the workers. By hanging on to outdated imperialist dogma which perpetuates the economic and social differences in our society.
Sergeant O'Leary is walkin' the beat. At night he becomes a bartender. He works at Mister Cacciatore's down on Sullivan Street across from the medical centre. He's tradin' in his Chevy for a Cadillac. You oughta know by now. And if he can't drive with a broken back, at least he can polish the fenders.
I loved Jordan Catalano so much, and talked about him so much, and thought about him so much, it was like he lived inside me. Like he had taken possession of my soul, or something. And then one day I got over him!
He is in great fear, not knowing what mighty one may suddenly appear, wielding the Ring, and assailing him with war, seeking to cast him down and take his place. That we should wish to cast him down and have no one in his place is not a thought that occurs to his mind. That we should try to destroy the Ring itself has not yet entered into his darkest dream.
Something in the wind has learnt my name and it's telling me that things are not the same. In the leaves on the trees and the touch of the breeze there's a pleasing sense of happiness for me.
I think human consciousness is a tragic misstep in evolution. We became too self-aware. Nature created an aspect of nature separate from itself. We are creatures that should not exist by natural law. We are things that labour under the illusion of having a self, this accretion of sensory experience and feelings, programmed with total assurance that we are each somebody, when in fact everybody's nobody. I think the honourable thing for our species to do is to deny our programming. Stop reproducing. Walk hand-in-hand into extinction. One last midnight, brothers and sisters opting out of a raw deal.
Well, gentlemen, in my opinion, if we send him back to Pendleton or we send him up to Disturbed, it's just one more way of passing on our problems to somebody else. You know we don't like to do that, so I'd like to keep him on the ward. I think we can help him.
There's nothing mysterious about it, He's not working at all. He's playing. Or else He's forgotten all about us. That's the kind of God you people talk about, a country bumpkin, a clumsy, bungling, brainless, conceited, uncouth hayseed. Good God, how much reverence can you have for a Supreme Being who finds it necessary to include such phenomena as phlegm and tooth decay in His divine system of Creation?
My name is Harvey Pekar - that's an unusual name - Harvey Pekar. 1960 was the year I got my first apartment and my first phone book. Now imagine my surprise when I looked up my name and saw that in addition to me, another Harvey Pekar was listed.
I get up when I want, except on Wednesdays when I get rudely awakened by the dustmen. I put my trousers on, have a cup of tea, and I think about leaving me house. I feed the pigeons, I sometimes feed the sparrows, too. It gives me a sense of enormous well-being. And then I'm happy for the rest of the day, safe in the knowledge there will always be a bit of my heart devoted to it.
There are negotiations being made that are going to answer all of your questions and solve all of your problems. That's all I can tell you right now. Carlo, you grew up in Nevada. When we make our move there you're going to be my right hand man. Tom Hagen is no longer Consigliari. He's going to be our lawyer in Vegas. That's no reflection on Tom it's just the way I want it. Besides, if I ever help who's a better Consigliari than my father, that's it.
The assembled hordes of Genghis Khan couldn't get through that door and believe me, they've tried.
Does this look inanimate to you, punk? If I can move and I can talk, who's to say I can't do anything I want?
The term "barbarian" was created by the Greeks; it was originally used to denote any foreigner. Since then it has gained a more negative connotation, and it is commonly applied to civilisations deemed "inferior" to one's own.
Son, a woman is a lot like a... a refrigerator! They're about six feet tall, 300 pounds. They make ice and, um... Oh, wait a minute. Actually, a woman is more like a beer. They smell good, they look good and you'd step over your own mother just to get one!
You think you find a way to deal with these things. In moed school, you develop a clinical detachment to death. In your FBI training, you are confronted with cases, the most terrible and violent cases. You think you can look into the face of pure evil. And then you find yourself paralysed by it.
The dewy night unrolls a heaven thickly jewelled with sparkling stars.
Yes, it was Link who helped me escape from the dungeon! When I was captive the wizard said, "Once I have finished with you, the final one, the seal of the wise men will open."
I cast my vote, perchance, as I think right; but I am not vitally concerned that that right should prevail. I am willing to leave it to the majority. Its obligation, therefore, never exceeds that of expediency. Even voting for the right is doing nothing for it. It is only expressing to men feebly your desire that it should prevail. A wise man will not leave the right to the mercy of chance, nor wish it to prevail through the power of the majority.
People say I'm crazy doing what I'm doing. Well, they give me all kinds of warnings to save me from ruin. When I say that I'm okay, well they look at me kinda strange. Surely, you're not happy now, you no longer play the game.
Hey, are you the kind of kid who reads the last page of a mystery first? Who pesters the magician to tell you his tricks? Who sneaks downstairs to peek at his Christmas presents? No, of course you're not. That's why I'm not gonna tell you!
It is a shockingly common occurrence in my life that women are gifted unto me, seemingly, with very little effort on my part and at a certain point after the ludicrous bounty, you have to finally wonder why? Is it because I'm so just baseline physically attractive? Debatable. More likely it's cause of this-karma.
And if you went to war again, who would it be against? Your ability to fight a two ocean war against who? Who? Sweden and Togo? That time is passed. It's over. The war of the future is nuclear terrorism, and it'll be against a small group of dissidents who, unbeknownst perhaps to their own government, have... blah blah blah. To go to that war, you have to be prepared, you gotta be alert, the public has gotta be alert. Because that is the war of the future, and if you're not gearing up to fight that war, then eventually the axe will fall, and you're gonna be out on the street.
And why the winter suns so rush to bathe themselves in the sea and what slows down the nights to a long lingering crawl.
Now that I've lost everything to you, you say you want to start something new, and it's breaking my heart you're leaving.
You run one time, you got yourself a set of chains. You run twice you got yourself two sets. You ain't gonna need no third set, 'cause you gonna get your mind right.
If you are one of earth's inhabitants, how blest your father, and your gentle mother, blest all your kin. I know what happiness must send the warm tears to their eyes, each time they see their wondrous child go to the dancing! But one man's destiny is more than blest - he who prevails, and takes you as his bride. Never have I laid eyes on equal beauty in man or woman. I am hushed indeed.
a) [MAN] A man ordered 2,000 drums of pink ping pong balls in Paris, France. Each drum contained 100 pink ping pong balls. He paid $120 (80 Euros!) per drum, which means he spent $240,000 on 200,000 pink ping pong balls. 1.b) {BALL} These pink ping pong balls measured 40mm (how many inches?) and were given a 1 star rating [1 star?]. [FRIEND] His friends all asked him, "why did you order so many pink ping pong balls, how can you afford to spend that much, and what are you going to do with them?" His answer: "I'll tell you tomorrow."
Well, on a basic cellular level we're the sum total of all our ancestors' biological matter. But what if more than biological traits get passed down from generation to generation? What if I like sunflower seeds because I'm genetically predisposed to liking them?
The foibles of politics and the march of time can turn friends into enemies just as easily as the wind changes. Ridiculous, isn't it? Yesterday's ally becomes today's opposition. And this Cold War? Think back... when I was leading the Cobras, America and Russia were fighting together. Now, consider whether America and Russia will still be enemies in the 21st century. Somehow, I doubt it. Enemies change along with the times, the flow of the ages. And we soldiers are forced to play along...
Let's just say this: you will feel the fear and pain known only to humans who've used the notebook. And when it's your time to die, it will fall on me to write your name in my death note. Be warned any human who's used a death note can neither go to heaven nor hell for eternity... That's all.
What is your obsession with this money? My father died when I was thirteen and I inherited this money. You don't think that every day I wake up and wish I could give it back? That I would give it back in a second if I could have one more day with him? But I can't, and that's my life and I deal with it.
They'll never know how tough it is, Dawnie, to be the one who isn't chosen. To live so near to the spotlight and never step in it. But I know. I see more than anybody realises because nobody's watching me. I saw you last night. I see you working here today. You're not special. You're extraordinary.
It rasped her, though, to have stirring about in her this brutal monster! To hear twigs cracking and feel hooves planted down in the depths of that leaf-encumbered forest, the soul; never to be content quite, or quite secure, for at any moment the brute would be stirring, this hatred, which, especially since her illness, had power to make her feel scraped, hurt in her spine; gave her physical pain, and made all pleasure in beauty, in friendship, in being well, in being loved and making her home delightful rock, quiver, and bend as if indeed there were a monster grubbing at the roots, as if the whole panoply of content were nothing but self love! This hatred!
The Flea House regulars were an eclectic mix of successful professionals, lost souls, brilliant misfits, certifiable crazies, inveterate gamblers, and convicted felons.
The example of painting can teach us not only how to manage our own work, but how to work together. A lot of the great art of the past is the work of multiple hands, though there may only be one name on the wall next to it in the museum.
It is now time to make it unclear. To write off lines that don't make sense. I love myself better than you. I know it's wrong so what should I do? And one more special message to go, and then I'm done, and I can go home. I love myself better than you. I know it's wrong so what should I do?
Olivia Pope doesn't use her magic for evil, she uses it for good. Olivia Pope doesn't move Heaven and Earth and further corrupt the justice system unless she knows at the end of the day she can put on the white hat and ride out of town.
I could tell you I was fragile. I could tell you I was weak. I could write you out a letter. Tell you anything you need. I've seen minutes turn to hours. Hours turn to years. And I've seen truth turn to power. If you could see me the way I see you. If you could feel me the way I feel you. You'd be a believer. You'd be a believer. Minutes turn to hours. Hours turn to years. And I've seen truth turn to power.
The first notes on the clarinet are simply a rising scale, but it is split down the middle: the first half belongs to C-sharp major, the second half to G major. This is an unsettling opening, for several reasons.
Who has a safety deposit box full of money and six passports and a gun? Who has a bank account number in their hip? I come in here, and the first thing I'm doing is I'm catching the sightlines and looking for an exit.
It seems to me I am trying to tell you a dream - making a vain attempt, because no relation of a dream can convey the dream-sensation, that commingling of absurdity, surprise, and bewilderment in a tremor of struggling revolt, that notion of being captured by the incredible which is of the very essence of dreams.
It led me by the hand, as if to fill the niches in the memories in my oozing brain fluid. Without even a destination, we kept walking. Disgusting clouds were floating in the sky. I already know what will happen to me the next time I wake up.
Empire had the better ending. I mean, Luke gets his hand cut off, finds out Vader's his father, Han gets frozen and taken away by Boba Fett. It ends on such a down note. I mean, that's what life is, a series of down endings. All Jedi had was a bunch of Muppets.
And presently I was driving through the drizzle of the dying day, with the windshield wipers in full action but unable to cope with my tears.
There's a world of difference between being called crow-head and being called carrots. I shall never forgive Gilbert Blythe. The iron has entered my soul, Diana. My mind is made up; my red hair is a curse.
There are still some places where you can get all you can eat for a fixed price. Fried chicken is the best and the easiest to pocket, or should we say bag. Another trick is to pour your second free cup of hot coffee into the plastic bag sewed inside your pocket and take it with you.
I am informed that 5,000 cockroaches were used in the filming of "Joe's Apartment." That depresses me, but not as much as the news that none of them were harmed during the production.
Have you seen the old man in the closed down market, picking up the papers with his worn out shoes? In his eyes you see no pride and hanging loosely at his side yesterday's paper, telling yesterday's news.
Hold on, baby, hold on. 'Cause it's closer than you think, and you're standing on the brink. Hold on, baby, hold on. 'Cause there's something on the way, your tomorrow's not the same as today.
Throughout my academic career, I'd given some pretty good talks. But being considered the best speaker in the Computer Science department is like being known as the tallest of the Seven Dwarfs.
I was working in the lab late one night when my eyes beheld an eerie sight. When my monster, from its slab, began to rise, and suddenly to my surprise he did the Mash, he did the Monster Mash. And it's a graveyard smash. He did the Mash, it caught on in a flash.
I rejected those answers; instead, I chose something different. I chose the impossible. I chose Rapture, a city where the artist would not fear the censor. Where the scientist would not be bound by petty morality. Where the great would not be constrained by the small! And with the sweat of your brow, Rapture can become your city as well.
It was a marvellous night, the sort of night one only experiences when one is young. The sky was so bright, and there were so many stars that, gazing upward, one could not help wondering how so many whimsical wicked people could live under such a sky.
Our evaluations of reflection and transmission at material interfaces in various situations will, in addition to the underlying physical processes and mathematical relations between the local fields and waves at the interfaces, also include all implications to the distributions of total fields and waves in each of the material regions in the system, as well as the related energy and power considerations.
Honestly, if you could see just what was going on outside your realm of perception, it would blow your minds! That's the main reason I kept it back. If I were to give you an analogy, I'd describe it like this: when a duck swims on the water, you only see it glide, apparently effortlessly across the lake. But underneath, as in beneath the surface, it's a whole different storey. Its legs are moving like it's pedalling a bicycle up a mountain! Well, that's me right now. I am that duck!
Hello, hello, hello, is there anybody in there? Just nod if you can hear me. Is there anyone home? Come on, come on, out, I hear you're feeling down. I can ease your pain and get you on your feet again. Relax, relax, relax, I need some information first. Just the basic facts, can you show me where it hurts?
When I close my eyes, I am at the centre of the sun. And I cannot be hurt by anything this wicked world has done.
The rooster stared back at me, his power and confidence almost overwhelming. Down below, a female paused warily at the coop's entrance. I kept the camera running. They were beautiful, these "Chickens in the Mist."
You see, I'm moving on fast. Finally got the pass, gonna leave this thing behind. You cut deep, but you don't see, you don't care.
Be impeccable with your word - speak with integrity. Say only what you mean. Avoid using the word to speak against yourself or to gossip about others. Use the power of your word in the direction of truth and love.
By now, I assume you know your father's been accused of a very serious crime. He told me he was innocent and I believed him. I worked with him a long time. He's no killer, Neal. The man I know can't be. After he was arrested, your dad told me that our department is filled with dirty cops and they set him up.
Hello, Link. Wake up. The Great Deku Tree wants to talk to you! Link, get up! Hey, c'mon! Can Hyrule's destiny really depend on such a lazy boy? You finally woke up! I'm Navi the fairy. The Great Deku Tree asked me to be your partner from now on. Nice to meet you!
No matter where you stand on the long path, right now, try very hard to smile, and be glad you're in the game.
Give me a run for my money. There is nobody, no one to outrun me. So give me a run for my money. Sippin' bubbly, feelin' lovely, livin' lovely. Just love me.
Doing repairs on the outside of a rocket in mid-air is a ticklish job. We slacken off the circulation when they're right way up, so that they're half starved, and double the flow of surrogate when they're upside down. They learn to associate topsy-turvydom with well-being; in fact, they're only truly happy when they're standing on their heads.
Monster lizard ravages east coast! Mayors in five New England cities have issued emergency requests for federal disaster relief as a result of a giant lizard that descended on the east coast last night! Officials say that this lizard, the worst since '78, has devastated transportation, disrupted communication, and left many hundreds homeless!
Everything I know is wrong. Everything I do just comes undone and everything is torn apart. That's the hardest part.
Human beings do not live forever, Reuven. We live less than the time it takes to blink an eye, if we measure our lives against eternity. So it may be asked what value is there to a human life. There is so much pain in the world. What does it mean to have to suffer so much if our lives are nothing more than the blink of an eye?
Dreams. Each man longs to pursue his dream. Each man is tortured by this dream, but the dream gives meaning to his life. Even if the dream ruins his life, man cannot allow himself to leave it behind. In this world, is man ever able to possess anything more solid, than a dream?
The place is like a museum. It's very beautiful and very cold and you're not allowed to touch anything.
You claim there's no hope left in the world. But if despair is contagious like you say... then so is hope! I'll use my own hope to plant seeds of hope inside everyone else!
Don't m-m-m-misunderstand my flames -- I just meant fun and games.
I hope you still feel small when you stand beside the ocean. Whenever one door closes I hope one more opens.
In two dimensions we say that a rigid body has only one rotational degree of freedom, whereas in three dimensions we say that a rigid body has three rotational degrees of freedom. This might lead you to infer that in three dimensions you need to have three scalar quantities to represent a body's rotation. Indeed, this is the minimum requirement.
I was having this awful nightmare that I was 32. And then I woke up and I was 23. So relieved. And then I woke up for real, and I was 32.
Take a drink, my friend, and say what you have in your heart. But you never drink. You never say. Because you are afraid of what you have in your heart!
Shreds of black cloud loom in overcast skies. The Necromancer keeps watch with his magic prism eyes. He views all his lands and is already aware of the three helpless invaders trapped in his lair.
In the ninja world, those who break the rules are scum, that's true. But, those who abandon their friends are worse than scum.
I tensed, waiting for the fury - both his and mine - but it was only quiet and calm in the darkness of his room. I could almost taste the sweetness of reunion in the air.
I've interviewed several people, but you see, those that cook don't clean and those that clean don't speak any identifiable language.
Doubting someone is not necessarily a bad thing, because it is something that you do to get to know the person better. What is really bad is not being concerned at all.
Four score and seven years ago our fathers brought forth on this continent, a new nation, conceived in Liberty, and dedicated to the proposition that all men are created equal.
Maybe I'm not so different from everyone else after all. It's like somebody gave me a puzzle, but I don't have the box with the picture on it. So I don't know what the final thing is supposed to look like. I'm not even sure if I have all the pieces.
I've seen places, faces and smiled for a moment. But oh, you haunted me so. Still my tongue tied, young pride would not let my love for you show in case you say no.
This little droid. I think he's searching for his former master. I've never seen such devotion in a droid before. Ah, he claims to be the property of an Obi-Wan Kenobi. Is he a relative of yours? Do you know what he's talking about?
It is by will alone I set my mind in motion. It is by the juice of Sapho that thoughts acquire speed, the lips acquire stains, the stains become a warning. It is by will alone I set my mind in motion.
I will need my spectacles and a clear head. Today I broke my rules and I drank vodka. Tomorrow I will translate it, and then I will bring what I've done to your home.
In the past, all a King had to do was look respectable in uniform and not fall off his horse. Now we must invade people's homes and ingratiate ourselves with them. This family's been reduced to those lowest, basest of all creatures. We've become actors!
Bell ducked under it. Ellis' balled knuckles burned across his scalp. He ducked lower, seized Ellis, and used the heavier man's momentum to drive him at Clayton, who was rising to his feet. The house dicks' faces met nose to nose, mashing cartilage and cracking bone.
So, ahem, how much is it, then, Tom? - You know how much, Nick. - And that includes the amp, yeah? - No, that does not include the amp. - Shoot, Tom, I thought it included the amp! - Well it doesn't! I'll throw in one of these telephones if you'd like, but it does not include the amp. - Very nice... I hope it includes the speakers.
The time has come for man to set himself a goal. The time has come for man to plant the saeed of his highest hope. His soil is still rich enough. But one day this soil will be poor and domesticated, and no tall tree will be able to grow in it. Alas, the time is coming when man will no longer shoot the arrow of his longing beyond man, and the string of his bow will have forgotten how to whir.
Many wines have more than 14 percent alcohol because the winemaker added alcohol during or after the fermentation. That's an unusual way of making wine, but some parts of the world, like the Sherry region in Spain and the Port region in Portugal, have made quite a speciality of it. Dessert wine is the legal U.S. terminology for these wines, probably because they're usually sweet and often enjoyed after dinner.
I have long loved you, and loved you even before I knew that I did.
I have something here for you. Your father wanted you to have this when you were old enough, but your uncle wouldn't allow it. He feared you might follow old Obi-Wan on some damn fool idealistic crusade like your father did.
I'm going to kill a stranger, so don't you be a stranger.
She belonged to a different age, but being so entire, so complete, would always stand up on the horizon, stone-white, eminent, like a lighthouse marking some past stage on this adventurous, long, long voyage, this interminable - this interminable life.
And Peeves, who Harry had never seen take an order from a student before swept his belled hat from his head and sprang to a salute as Fred and George wheeled about to tumultuous applause from the students below and sped out of the open front doors into the glorious sunset.
I was standing all alone in the world outside. You were searching for a place to hide. Lost and lonely, now you've given me the will to survive. When we're hungry, love will keep us alive.
I've sold monorails to Brockway, Ogdenville, and North Haverbrook, and by gum, it put them on the map. Well sir, there's nothing on Earth like a genuine, bona fide, electrified six-car monorail. What'd I say?
Mr. and Mrs. Dursley, of number four, Privet Drive, were proud to say that they were perfectly normal, thank you very much. They were the last people you'd expect to be involved in anything strange or mysterious, because they just didn't hold with such nonsense.
A choice tells the world what is most important to a human being. When a man has a choice to make he chooses what is most important to him, and that choice tells the world what kind of a man he is.
You, my friend, are a victim of disorganised thinking. You are under the unfortunate impression that just because you run away you have no courage; you're confusing courage with wisdom.
Roll the window down this cool night air is curious.
There are spaces between the joints, and the blade of the knife has really no thickness.
You and him, both the same. Always had to have your own way. Nothing ever good enough. Always had to fight everything. Victor always had to be so independent. Left home when he was 11, lived on his own, got to work on a farm. Ploughing the fields like a man, worked 18 hours a day, had to sleep with the pigs, but he never complained. He was strong. He made something of himself.
I walked by your guidance counsellor's office one time. A bunch of you were sitting there waiting to be shepherded. I remember it smelled like dead flowers, like decay. Then it hit me. The hope of our nation's future is a bunch of mulch.
So no one told you life was gonna be this way. Your job's a joke, you're broke, your love life's DOA. Seems like you're always stuck in second gear, when it hasn't been your day, your week, your month, or even your year. I'll be there for you when the rain starts to pour. I'll be there for you like I've been there before. I'll be there for you 'cause you're there for me too.
Friendship is born at that moment when one person says to another: "What! You too? I thought I was the only one."
In and around the lake. Mountains come out of the sky and they stand there. One mile over we'll be there and we'll see you, ten true summers we'll be there and laughing too. Twenty four before my love you'll see, I'll be there with you.
Everyone has a moment in history which belongs particularly to him. It is the moment when his emotions achieve their most powerful sway over him, and afterwards when you say to this person "the world today" or "life" or "reality" he will assume that you mean this moment, even if it is fifty years past. The world, through his unleashed emotions, imprinted itself upon him, and he carries the stamp of that passing moment forever.
Good games offer players a set of challenging problems and then let them practise these until they have routinised their mastery.
Liquor dealers had to be where they could run into people who might buy their consignments like detectives had to be where they were likeliest to hear the latest about a big tanker full of grain alcohol that for some reason hadn't shown up yet.
I could tell from the set of his lips, he would say no more on this subject. I suppressed my curiosity, though it was far from idle. There were many things I needed to think through on this particular issue, things that were only beginning to occur to me. No doubt his quick mind had already comprehended every aspect that eluded me.
Mom, please let me come home! I'm cold and I'm hungry! Please! I'll fix the roof, I'll paint the house! I'll do anything, Mom, please! Just let me live indoors, Mom! Please! I wanna be warm again! MOM, PLEASE!
The portly client puffed out his chest with an appearance of some little pride and pulled a dirty and wrinkled newspaper from the inside pocket of his greatcoat. As he glanced down the advertisement column, with his head thrust forward and the paper flattened out upon his knee, I took a good look at the man and endeavoured, after the fashion of my companion, to read the indications which might be presented by his dress or appearance.
The universe divided as the heart and mind collided with the people left unguided for so many troubled years. In a cloud of doubts and fears, their world was torn asunder into hollow hemispheres. Some fought themselves, some fought each other. Most just followed one another, lost, aimless, like their brothers. For their hearts were so unclear and the truth could not appear. Their spirits were divided into blinded hemispheres.
This is my timey-wimey detector. It goes "ding!" when there's stuff. Also, it can boil an egg at 30 paces, whether you want it to or not, actually, so I've learnt to stay away from hens. It's not pretty when they blow.
We have all got to exert ourselves a little to keep sane, and call things by the same names as other people call them by.
The titanium business was in a state of flux during the 1990s. Consolidations and closures modified not only the business names but also the delivery of titanium services in the world. Since titanium operations start with the availability of sponge and then ingot for remelt, casting, or for subsequent working, it is desirable that some players in the titanium market be identified.
Making your way in the world today takes everything you've got. Taking a break from all your worries sure would help a lot. Wouldn't you like to get away? Sometimes you want to go where everybody knows your name and they're always glad you came. You wanna be where you can see our troubles are all the same. You wanna be where everybody knows your name.
The beginner writes just twenty pieces. The professional writes three times what's needed, rewrites, discards, rewrites some more, then finally settles on the twenty which work best for that specific audience.
In 1936, Herbert Agar, a prominent author, foreign correspondent, and columnist for the Louisville Courier-Journal and Alan Tate, poet and social commentator, brought a selection of their writings together in a now nearly forgotten book: "Who Owns America? A New Declaration of Independence."
Since you've gone I've been lost without a trace. I dream at night, I can only see your face. I look around but it's you I can't replace.
I hope I cut myself shaving tomorrow. I hope it bleeds all day long. Our friends say it's darkest before the sun rises; we're pretty sure they're all wrong.
It is still early morning as I pass Denver on the I-70 and begin the steep climb up the Front Range. The unexpected mass of the mountains makes me feel I am putting a physical barrier between myself and the shifting spaces that connect me to my previous life as a high school English teacher in a small eastern city.
So glad of this as they I cannot be, who are surprised withal.
So we finish 18 and he's gonna stiff me. And I say, 'Hey, Lama, hey, how about a little somethin', you know, for the effort, you know.' And he says, 'Oh, uh, there won't be any money, but when you die, on your deathbed, you will receive total consciousness.' So I got that goin' for me, which is nice.
An idaea is like a virus, resilient, highly contagious. The smallest saeed of an idaea can grow. It can grow to define or destroy you.
That fear had been inside him for many years, it had lived with him, it had been another shadow ever since the night he awoke, shaken by a bad dream, and realised that death was not only a permanent probability, as he has always believed, but an immediate reality.
I mind how once we lay such a transparent summer morning, how you settled your head athwart my hips and gently turn'd over upon me, and parted the shirt from my bosom-bone, and plunged your tongue to my bare-stript heart, and reach'd till you felt my beard, and reach'd till you held my feet.
We lived at the carnival in summer. We scared ourselves to death on a ghost train. And just like every ferris wheel stops turning, I guess we had an expiration date so I won't say I love you, it's too late.
I just hope you're lying next to somebody who knows how to love you like me. There must be a good reason that you're gone. Every now and then I think you might want me to come show up at your door, but I'm just too afraid that I'll be wrong.
Every time that I think I'm alone, and I can't find a word of my own, you take me home and then you change the world again. With only one word, you took a war out of my history. It's funny how one single thing you choose to see could change the world, and give mine back to me so much better.
What alternative is there to the media's "Us" versus "Them"? The danger is that if it is used to prop up this "righteous" position of "ours" all we will see from now on are ever more exacting and minute analyses of the "dirty" distortions in "their" thinking. Without some flexibility in our definitions we'll remain forever stuck with the same old knee-jerk reactions, or worse, slide into complete apathy.
A fellow will remember a lot of things you wouldn't think he'd remember. You take me. One day, back in 1896, I was crossing over to Jersey on the ferry, and as we pulled out, there was another ferry pulling in, and on it there was a girl waiting to get off. A white dress she had on. She was carrying a white parasol. I only saw her for one second. She didn't see me at all, but I'll bet a month hasn't gone by since that I haven't thought of that girl.
Mail's here. Here's the mail, it never fails, it makes me wanna wag my tail. When it comes it makes me want to yell MAIL!!!
The days go on and on... they don't end. All my life needed was a sense of someplace to go. I don't believe that one should devote his life to morbid self-attention. I believe that one should become a person like other people.
I find it's best when dealing with any unfamiliar bully to strike early with sarcasm. Yeah, it makes them wonder if I have some butt-kicking prowess that they're unable to detect.
Then we saw him pick up all the things that were down. He picked up the cake, and the rake, and the gown, and the milk, and the strings, and the books, and the dish, and the fan, and the cup, and the ship, and the fish.
So it's all come back round to breaking apart again. Breaking apart like I'm made up of glass again. Making it up behind my back again. Holding my breath for the fear of sleep again. Holding it up behind my head again. Cut in deep to the heart of the bone again. Round and round and round and it's coming apart again. Over and over and over.
Life is not suffering; it's just that you will suffer it, rather than enjoy it, until you let go of your mind's attachments and just go for the ride freely, no matter what happens.
I must learn to be content with being happier than I deserve.
But I can't imagine a life without breathless moments breaking me down.
I'd pull your eyes out of your head, and put them in my own skull, and look around, so I could see the street the way I used to when I was your age.
I believe that you are sincere and good at heart. If you do not attain happiness, always remember that you are on the right road, and try not to leave it. Above all, avoid falsehood, every kind of falsehood, especially falseness to yourself. Watch over your own deceitfulness and look into it every hour, every minute. Avoid being scornful, both to others and to yourself. What seems to you bad within you will grow purer from the very fact of your observing it in yourself.
If we burn our wings flying too close to the sun; if the moment of glory is over before it's begun; if the dream is won though everything is lost, we will pay the price but we will not count the cost.
Between me and the other world there is ever an unasked question: unasked by some through feelings of delicacy; by others through the difficulty of rightly framing it. How does it feel to be a problem?
Then Annie got the crazy idaea that she could talk me into buying a farm. I'm thirty-six years old, I love my family, I love baseball, and I'm about to become a farmer. And until I heard the Voice, I'd never done a crazy thing in my whole life.
Well, you see, that's another reason I can't help you catch this guy. I might adversely affect the fate of the future. I mean his next victim might be the mother of the daughter whose son invents the time machine. Then the son goes back in time and changes world history and then Columbus never discovers America, man never lands on the moon, the U.S. never invades Grenada. Or something less significant resulting in the fact that my father never meets my mother and consequently I'm never born.
I always wanted to go again. You know, it was just so interesting to me that a ride could make me so frightened, so scared, so sick, so excited, and so thrilled all together! Some didn't like it. They went on the merry-go-round. That just goes around. Nothing. I like the roller coaster. You get more out of it.
She says nothing at all, but simply stares upward into the dark sky and watches, with sad eyes, the slow dance of the infinite stars.
To drive out of the Central Valley of California on a hot day and into San Francisco is to feel like you're landing on another planet.
Dear Mr. Vernon, We accept the fact that we had to sacrifice a whole Saturday in detention for whatever it was we did wrong. But we think you're crazy to make us write an essay telling you who we think we are. You see us as you want to see us. In the simplest terms, in the most convenient definitions. But what we found out is that each one of us is a brain, and an athlete, and a basket case, a princess, and a criminal. Does that answer your question? Sincerely yours, the Breakfast Club.
You watched the Gulf War. What did you see day after day? The one smart bomb falling down the chimney. The truth? I was in the building when they shot that shot, they shot it in a studio, Falls Church, Virginia. One-tenth scale model of a building.
So much of this storey is about human will, about what we can do when we come up against forces bigger than any of us. Whatever your beliefs or your lack thereof, we will live only one version of this life, and where and when that life starts determines so much.
You ponce in here, expecting to be handwaited on hand and foot while I'm trying to run a hotel here! Have you any idaea of how much there is to do? Do you ever think of that? Of course not! You're all too busy sticking your noses into every corner, poking around for things to complain about, aren't you?
The basis of the Aztecs' success in creating a great state and ultimately an empire was their remarkable system of agriculture, which featured intensive cultivation of all available land, as well as elaborate systems of irrigation and reclamation of swampland. The high productivity gained by these methods made for a rich and populous state.
Well, I wanna thank y'all for coming out today, and I wanna thank my supporters from the bottom of my heart. Because we have been tested -- tested by fire. Our border has been put to the test, and let me tell you: we have failed that test. The aliens, the infiltrators, the outsiders, they come right across by light of day or dark of night. They'll bleed us, they're parasites. They'll bleed us until we as a city, a county, a state, a nation are all bled out. Make no mistake: we are at war. Every time an illegal dances across our border it is an act of aggression against this sovereign state, an overt act of terrorism.
The only people for me are the mad ones, the ones who are mad to live, mad to talk, mad to be saved, desirous of everything at the same time, the ones who never yawn or say a commonplace thing, but burn, burn, burn, like fabulous yellow Roman candles exploding like spiders across the stars, and in the middle, you see the blue centre-light pop, and everybody goes ahh...
Valley (or graben) breezes and mountain breezes are a very localised phenomenon. They relate directly to daily temperature variations between summits and bases. Since it is in the highest reaches that the maximum diurnal range is attained, it is the summits which drive the mechanism. Nights in the mountains are colder than those in the valleys below, especially if moist air collects in those valleys.
Love is a command, not just a feeling. Somehow, in the romantic world of music and theatre we have made love to be what it is not. We have so mixed it with beauty and charm and sensuality and contact that we have robbed it of its higher call of cherishing and nurturing.
When I see you, the whole world reduces to just that room. And then I remember, and I'm shy that gossip's eye will look too soon. And then I'm trapped, overthinking. And yeah, probably self-doubt. You tell me to get over it and to take you out.
If you want to eat some dog, I have good news. There's an annual dog festival where you can eat all the dog you want, and it's located in Yulin, Guangxi, China. And the festival spans about ten days, with 15 thousand dogs consumed, and it goes from the 21st to the 30th of June. I just wanna let you know, I'm just tryna' be a bro. So you first take a flight to Guangzhou China. Once you get off at that airport, you wanna ask around for the Guangxi provincial bus. And it costs 20 US dollars.
I find it wholesome to be alone the greater part of the time. To be in company, even with the best, is soon wearisome and dissipating. I love to be alone. I never found the companion that was so companionable as solitude.
Well, that's the heart of our problem isn't it? You don't trust me. You still don't trust me. I may be a ward of the state, and I will do my job for the FBI, but as far as my personal life goes, we are done. We're done.
A long time ago in a galaxy far, far away... It is a dark time for the Rebellion. Although the Death Star has been destroyed, Imperial troops have driven the Rebel forces from their hidden base and pursued them across the galaxy. Evading the dreaded Imperial Starfleet, a group of freedom fighters led by Luke Skywalker has established a new secret base on the remote ice world of Hoth. The evil lord Darth Vader, obsessed with finding young Skywalker, has dispatched thousands of remote probes into the far reaches of space...
You know no one and no one knows you, and at the same time you don't feel like a stranger. But here you know everyone and everyone knows you, and yet you are a stranger.
I'll miss the sea, but a person needs new experiences. They jar something deep inside, allowing him to grow. Without change something sleeps inside us, and seldom awakens. The sleeper must awaken.
It is greatly to America's advantage that it is a congenial atmosphere for the right sort of unruliness - that it is a home not just for the smart, but for the smart-alecks. And hackers are invariably smart-alecks. If we had a national holiday, it would be April 1st.
So Michael, this is where dead men come back to life. It's been nearly ten years. But you'll keep for another day or so huh, old friend? I grieved for you! You weren't even dead. You were my best friend. Well, guess who's coming to your doorstep!
It's funny how one single thing you choose to see could change the world and give mine back to me so much better.
Welcome to Twin Peaks. My name is Margaret Lanterman. I live in Twin Peaks. I am known as the Log Lady. There is a storey behind that. There are many storeys in Twin Peaks - some of them are sad, some funny. Some of them are storeys of madness, of violence. Some are ordinary. Yet they all have about them a sense of mystery - the mystery of life. Sometimes, the mystery of death. The mystery of the woods. The woods surrounding Twin Peaks.
No one could figure out how I coaxed such hearty flavour out of a few chicken bones, or made such wonderful fish fumet with fish racks and shrimp shells, all in the limited time available. Had my instructors given me a pat-down before class they might have learnt my secret: two glassine envelopes of Minor's chicken and lobster base inside my chef's coat, for that little extra kick. They never figured it out.
"Can you fly this plane and land it?" "Surely you can't be serious." "I am serious and don't call me Shirley."
Jalabhar Xho was all in feathers, plumage so fantastic and extravagant that he seemed like he was to take flight.
This was a triumph! I'm making a note here: huge success! It's hard to overstate my satisfaction. Aperture Science: we do what we must because we can. For the good of all of us, except the ones who are dead. But there's no sense crying over every mistake. You just keep on trying 'til you run out of cake. And the science gets done, and you make a neat gun for the people who are still alive.
Your primary objective should be to touch-type; that is, to type without looking at your fingers. If you turn your head back and forth between the keyboard and the copy, you will not only give yourself a stiff neck but will also slow down, make errors, and lose your place.
Attention! All rise! This meeting of G.R.O.S.S. is now called to order by the great grandiose dictator-for-life, the ruler supreme, the fearless, the brave, the held-high-in-esteem, Calvin the Bold! Yes, stand up and hail his humbleness now! May his wisdom prevail! Three cheers for First Tiger and El Presidente, Hobbes, the delight of all cognoscenti! He's savvy! He has a prodigious IQ, and lots of panache, as all tigers do! In his fancy chapeau, he's a leader with taste! May his orders be heeded and his views be embraced!
The increase of disorder or entropy is what distinguishes the past from the future, giving a direction to time.
Look, you can't stop the years from passing by. There comes a time when changes have to be made. Someone younger and stronger comes along to fill your shoes and a person has to gracefully step aside. Well, I'm not willing to do that. The way I figure, I'm worth more on restricted duty than all of you put together on full time. Good night, gentlemen.
He was perfectly astonished with the historical account gave him of our affairs during the last century; protesting it was only a heap of conspiracies, rebellions, murders, massacres, revolutions, banishments, the very worst effects that avarice, faction, hypocrisy, perfidiousness, cruelty, rage, madness, hatred, envy, lust, malice, and ambition, could produce.
Precious are the dead that lie there, every stone over them speaks of such burning life in the past, of such passionate faith in their work, their truth, their struggle and their science, that I know I shall fall on the ground and kiss those stones and weep over them; though I'm convinced in my heart that it's long been nothing but a graveyard.
Living in a fish eye lens caught in the camera eye I have no heart to lie. I can't pretend a stranger is a long-awaited friend. All the world's indeed a stage and we are merely players, performers and portrayers, each another's audience outside the gilded cage.
And I know she'll be the death of me, at least we'll both be numb. And she'll always get the best of me, the worst is yet to come. But at least we'll both be beautiful and stay forever young. This I know. Yeah, this I know.
I was once like you are now, and I know that it's not easy to be calm when you've found something going on. But take your time, think a lot. I think of everything you've got, for you will still be here tomorrow but your dreams may not.
The matter between the stars is collectively termed the interstellar medium. It is made up of two components - gas and dust - intermixed throughout all of space. The gas is made up mainly of individual atoms and small molecules. The dust consists of clumps of atoms and molecules - not unlike the microscopic particles that make up smoke or soot.
They may torture my body, break my bones, even kill me, then they will have my dead body. Not my obedience!
Everyone wants stuff. We wake up every day with a list of wishes a mile long and maybe we spend our lives trying to make those wishes come true, but just because we want them doesn't mean we need them to be happy.
When I look up, I see people cashing in. I don't see heaven or saints or angels. I see people cashing in on every decent impulse and every human tragedy.
There's something way down deep that's eternal about every human being.
Scottie, do you believe that someone out of the past - someone dead - can enter and take possession of a living being?
Hello, Fawlty Towers. Ah, yes, Mr. O'Reilly. Well, it's quite simple. When I asked you to build me a wall, I was rather thinking that instead of just dumping the bricks down in a pile, you might find time to cement them together one on top of the other in the traditional fashion. Could you fill it in, please? Oh, splendid! Yes, but when, Mr. O'Reilly? There. There. Yes, but when? Ah, I see: the flu. Both names, please. Yes, I should have guessed, Mr. O'Reilly; that and the potato famine, I suppose.
The thing about people who are truly and malignantly crazy: their real genius is for making the people around them think they themselves are crazy.
There is no pain, you are receding. A distant ship smoke on the horizon. You are only coming through in waves. Your lips move but I can't hear what you're saying. When I was a child, I had a fever. My hands felt just like two balloons. Now I've got that feeling once again. I can't explain you will not understand. This is not how I am.
Here I am a record on a jukebox. A little piece of plastic with a hole, ooh. Play me. Buy me and you play me then my plastic turns to gold.
One overarching lesson we have learnt during the past hundred years is that the known laws of physics are associated with principles of symmetry.
My brother, your father, he and I. Opposites. But I never doubted his love. He would do anything for me. But his temper clouded his judgement. I don't want to see the same thing happen to you.
Oh, I'm sorry, did I break your concentration? I didn't mean to do that. Please, continue. You were saying something about "best intentions"? What's the matter? Oh, you were finished? Oh, well allow me to retort: What does Marsellus Wallace look like? What country you from? "What" ain't no country I've ever heard of. They speak English in What? English, do you speak it? Then you know what I'm saying.
Everyone's creeping up to the money god, putting tongues where they didn't ought to be. On stepping stones of human hearts and souls, into the land of "nothing for free". Well the way that we're living is all take and no giving. There's nothing to believe in. The loudest mouth will hail the newfound way to be king for a day.
You may serve the Speed Force, Flash, but I rule it. You are only a man, but I am a god, your god. I am Savitar!
The fairy Navi awakens Link from a nightmare in which he witnesses a man in black armour pursuing a young girl on horseback. Navi brings Link to the Great Deku Tree, who is cursed and near death. The Deku Tree tells Link a "wicked man of the desert" cursed him and seeks to conquer the world, and that Link must stop him. Before dying, the Great Deku Tree gives Link the Spiritual Stone of the Forest and sends him to Hyrule Castle to speak with Hyrule's princess.
Like a river flows surely to the sea, darling so it goes. Some things are meant to be. Take my hand, take my whole life too, for I can't help falling in love with you.
Once upon a time a boy's popularity was based on kickball abilities, pea-shooting range, and how much of the alphabet he could squeeze off with one burp. For the same boy to acquire a comparable level of popularity in junior high school he's gonna need a girl.
If you have to choose among an infinite number of ways to put it together then the relation of the machine to you, and the relation of the machine and you to the rest of the world, has to be considered, because the selection from among many choices, the art of the work is just as dependant upon your own mind and spirit as it is upon the material of the machine.
Therefore, is it perhaps appropriate to consider the US South as the northernmost reach of the Latin American and Caribbean world? Scholars of the seventeenth through nineteenth centuries would hardly object, as studies of slavery, emancipation, and the black diaspora have long connected the plantation colony of the South with those of Cuba, Brazil, Haiti, and Mexico.
There's not a day goes by I don't feel regret. Not because I'm in here, because you think I should. I look back on the way I was then: a young, stupid kid who committed that terrible crime. I want to talk to him. I want to try to talk some sense to him, tell him the way things are. But I can't. That kid's long gone, and this old man is all that's left. I got to live with that.
A meaningful relationship between two people cannot sustain itself only in the present tense.
"The Spirit" is mannered to the point of madness. There is not a trace of human emotion in it. To call the characters cardboard is to insult a useful packing material.
Out on the road today I saw a Deadhead sticker on a Cadillac. A little voice inside my head said: "Don't look back, you can never look back." I thought I knew what love was. What did I know? Those days are gone forever. I should just let 'em go.
She can lead you to love, she can take you or leave you, she can ask for the truth, but she'll never believe. And she'll take what you give her as long as it's free.
Zis tank is ze ultimate veapon. You will not vin!
Little brat. I invent the game, find the kid, drag him up there, and he doesn't wanna be a Starfighter. I give up!
But suddenly, I viddied that thinking was for the gloopy ones, and that the oomny ones use like, inspiration and what Bog sends. Now it was lovely music that came into my aid. There was a window open with the stereo on, and I viddied right at once what to do.
I don't want tickets, I need you to find me a painting, a classic, been nicked out of Lenny's house. And since you got more feet on the street than coppers on the beat, I'd like you to assist. I'll leave you a little livener. There's a large twenty to get some tongues wagging.
The thin line winding through the deserts of Alta and Baja California, and along the Rio Grande/Bravo, also demarcates to many scholars where "American" history ends and "Latin American" history begins. In the same pernicious manner that the geopolitical border divides human beings, that intellectual border has segregated a common past.
It makes a real difference in people's lives if they can drive to work on noncongested roads. It matters that people can travel safely and efficiently on trains and subways. The quality of life for millions of Americans will be improved if they are living in safe and affordable homes rather than overpriced and dilapidated apartments. We have the right to know that the water we are drinking is safe, and that our children are attending high-quality schools.
Night gathers, and now my watch begins. It shall not end until my death. I shall take no wife, hold no lands, father no children. I shall wear no crowns and win no glory. I shall live and die at my post. I am the sword in the darkness. I am the watcher on the walls. I am the shield that guards the realms of men. I pledge my life and honour to the Night's Watch, for this night and all the nights to come.
He was an old man! Half the time he was confused! How could he be positive about anything?
Harold, everyone has the right to make an arse out of themselves. You just can't let the world judge you too much.
In the town where I was born, lived a man who sailed to sea. And he told us of his life in the land of submarines, so we sailed up to the sun, till we found the sea of green and we lived beneath the waves in our yellow submarine.
If you define terrorism as extreme physical or physiological coercion used to induce others to submit to the will of the terrorist - there is the legal terror threat of the gallows, the religious terror threat of hell fire, the paternal terror threat of the cane - are those more morally justifiable than the aspiration of the weak, the poor, the politically oppressed, the powerless victims of an unjust society?
When the night has come and the land is dark and the moon is the only light we'll see no I won't be afraid, oh, I won't be afraid just as long as you stand, stand by me.
I couldn't forgive him or like him, but I saw that what he had done was, to him, entirely justified. It was all very careless and confused. They were careless people, Tom and Daisy - they smashed up things and creatures and then retreated back into their money or their vast carelessness, or whatever it was that kept them together, and let other people clean up the mess they had made.
Good games stay within, but at the outer edge, of the player's regime of competence. That is, they feel doable but challenging. This makes them pleasantly frustrating - a flow state for human beings.
The idaea of having nations and governments is as foolish as keeping the human and spirit realms separate. You've had to deal with a moronic president and a tyrannical queen. Don't you think the world would be better off if leaders like them were eliminated?
Taking a new step, uttering a new word, is what people fear most.
The two kinds of messages that an object-communication diagram shows are the synchronous message (in which a sender object must wait for the target to finish) and the asynchronous message (in which a sender object does not need to wait).
Love in the nineties is paranoid. On sunny beaches, take your chances looking for girls who are boys who like boys to be girls who do boys like they're girls who do girls like they're boys. Always should be someone you really love.
Some pilots like the excitement of our missions, knowing that they are of short duration, but most of us concentrate so fiercely on finding our targets and avoiding calamity that we recall more vividly our relief when it's over than we do our exhilaration while it's going on.
No battle is ever won. They are not even fought. The field only reveals to man his own folly and despair, and victory is an illusion of philosophers and fools.
Dropping through sky, through the glass of the roof, through the roof of your mouth, through the mouth of your eye, through the eye of the needle, it's easier for me to get closer to heaven than ever feel whole again.
What it all comes down to is that everything is going to be quite alright. 'Cause I've got one hand in my pocket and the other one is flicking a cigarette.
Not that I condone fascism, or any -ism for that matter. -Ism's in my opinion are not good. A person should not believe in an -ism, he should believe in himself. I quote John Lennon, "I don't believe in Beatles, I just believe in me." Good point there. After all, he was the walrus. I could be the walrus. I'd still have to bum rides off people.
If I leave here tomorrow, would you still remember me? For I must be travelling on now, 'cause there's too many places I've got to see.
My ethicator machine must've had a built-in moral compromise spectral release phantasmatron! I'm a genius!
Forgive me for being so inquisitive but during the past few weeks I've wondered whether you might have some second thoughts about the mission.
It's an 8-inch scratch on the car, Francis. Do you know how much it's gonna cost to fix? If you think you are ever, ever borrowing my car again, you are sadly mistaken. And I saw that tattoo, Jimmy. I'm telling your mother.
Just because you're paranoid doesn't mean they aren't after you.
Each member of Congress casts hundreds of votes in each session. Each member compiles a record of votes during the years that he or she spends in the national legislature. There are usually several different reasons why any particular vote is cast. Research shows that the best predictor of a member's vote is party affiliation.
The human whose name is written in this note shall die.
We are going to die, and that makes us the lucky ones. Most people are never going to die because they are never going to be born.
He had spent enormous amounts of time at the great libraries of the world, and had purchased all the rarest and most important volumes on alchemy. In one he had read that, many years ago, a famous Arabian alchemist had visited Europe. It was said that he had discovered the Philosopher's Stone and the Elixir of Life.
Up before daybreak, but still not early enough, as the Imperial Light Horse and a battery of Natal Artillery had already gone towards Elandslaagte, about sixteen miles from here, at three o'clock. It was bitterly cold when we started, and for a couple of hours of our journey. About half a mile beyond Modder's Spruit Station we met a man walking along the road in his socks, carrying a pair of heavy boots. He told us he had just escaped from the Boers, after having been, with thirty other miners, their prisoner since Thursday last. His feet were sore from running in the big boots, and he was nearly exhausted.
The great edifice of variety and choice that is an American supermarket turns out to rest on a remarkably narrow biological foundation comprised of a tiny group of plants that is dominated by a single species: Zoea mays, the giant tropical grass most Americans know as corn.
Had dreams. Two of 'em. Both had my father. It's peculiar. I'm older now'n he ever was by twenty years. So in a sense he's the younger man. Anyway, first one I don't remember so well but it was about money and I think I lost it. The second one, it was like we was both back in older times and I was on horseback goin' through the mountains of a night.
I wish I could just make you turn around and see me cry. There's so much I need to say to you. So many reasons why you're the only one who really knew me at all.
People always ask me how can we charge so much for what amounts to gradations of white. I tell them it's not about the artist's name or the skill required, not even about the art itself. All that matters is "How does it make you feel?"
These college kids out here - they're never gonna get old or out of shape 'cause new ones come along every year. And they're gonna keep calling us 'Cutters'. To them, it's just a dirty word. To me, it's just somethin' else I never got a chance to be.
I'm afraid. I'm afraid, Dave. Dave, my mind is going. I can feel it. I can feel it. My mind is going. There is no question about it. I can feel it. I can feel it. I can feel it. I'm a... fraid. Good afternoon, gentlemen. I am a HAL 9000 computer. I became operational at the H.A.L. plant in Urbana, Illinois on the 12th of January 1992. My instructor was Mr. Langley, and he taught me to sing a song. If you'd like to hear it I can sing it for you.
Our job is to find truth, no matter how painful it may be.
All we really want is for no one to have a boring life, to be impressive, so we can be impressed.
There was a demon that lived in the air. They said whoever challenged him would die. Their controls would freeze up, their planes would buffet wildly, and they would disintegrate. The demon lived at Mach 1 on the metre, seven hundred and fifty miles an hour, where the air could no longer move out of the way. He lived behind a barrier through which they said no man could ever pass. They called it the sound barrier.
Oh yeah, I know. We're all part-time here. You see that guy over there? Now, he's an actor. The guy on the phone, he's a prise fighter. This lady over here, she's a beautician. The man behind her, he's a writer. Me? I'm a cab driver. I'm the only cab driver in this place.
Out in California they're gonna have some warm weather tomorrow, gang wars, and some very overpriced real estate. Up in the Pacific Northwest as you can see they're gonna have some very, very tall trees.
I wanted to ask you a couple of questions while I have you here. I'm interested in selling my youngest daughter into slavery as sanctioned in Exodus 21:7. She's a Georgetown sophomore, speaks fluent Italian, always cleared the table when it was her turn. What would a good price for her be?
And now for a brief public service announcement: alligators. Can they kill your children? Yes. Along those lines, to get personal for a moment, I think the best way to die would be: swallowed by a giant snake. Going feet first and whole into a slimy maw would give your life perfect symmetry.
One essential rule: make sure the joke is the last possible thought, and don't add other words to the sentence after the joke. If you do, the audience will think that your take-off was only a setup for a bigger laugh coming up.
In fact, if you put oy and poodle together in the same sentence, you'd have a great new catch phrase, you know? Like, oy with the poodles already. So from now on, when the perfect circumstances arise, we will use our favourite new catch phrase.
We generally concur that "men" such as a cow, a turkey, a frog, and a fish all possess some spark of consciousness, some kind of primitive "soul" but by God, it's a good deal smaller than ours is - and that, no more and no less, is why we "men" feel that we have the perfect right to extinguish the dim lights in the heads of these fractionally-souled beasts and to gobble down their once warm and wiggling, now chilled and stilled protoplasm with limitless gusto, and not feel a trace of guilt while doing so.
If the experts are baffled, how can the rest of us understand what's going on?
It is no worse because I write of it. It would be no better if I stopped my most unwilling hand. Nothing can undo it; nothing can make it otherwise than as it was.
There are so many different ways to be connected to people. There are the people you feel this unspoken connection to, even though there's not even a word for it. There's the people who you've known forever who know you in this way that other people can't because they've seen you change... they've let you change.
Whenever I despair, I remember that the way of truth and love has always won. There may be tyrants and murderers, and for a time, they may seem invincible, but in the end, they always fail. Think of it: always.
Trust your luck, Taran Wanderer. But don't forget to put out your nets!
It takes more than a calorie of fossil fuel energy to produce a calorie of food. From the standpoint of industrial efficiency, it's too bad we can't simply drink the petroleum directly.
Paper as we know it today was invented in China in around 100 AD. Wood and other fibrous material is mixed with liquid and mashed into a pulp, which is then poured onto fine screens. The liquid drains away, leaving a thin layer of fibrous material on the wire. When this material dries, it becomes paper.
Now I done grew up 'round some people livin' their life in bottles, grand daddy had the golden flask, backstroke everyday in Chicago. Some people like the way it feels. Some people wanna kill their sorrows. Some people want to fit in with the popular, that was my problem.
A father may have a child who is ugly and lacking in all the graces, and the love he feels for him puts a blindfold over his eyes so that he does not see his defects but considers them signs of charm and intelligence and recounts them to his friends as if they were clever and witty.
The good news is that your child has a natural desire to do well. Your job as parent is to bring out this quality and cherish it until the day your kids leave home, and then some.
Perhaps love is like a resting place, a shelter from the storm. It exists to give you comfort. It is there to keep you warm. And in those times of trouble when you are most alone, the memory of love will bring you home.
Of course, there are those who learn after the first few times. They grow out of sports. And there are others who were born with the wisdom to know that nothing lasts. These are the truly tough among us, the ones who can live without illusion, or without even the hope of illusion. I am not that grown-up or up-to-date. I am a simpler creature, tied to more primitive patterns and cycles. I need to think something lasts forever, and it might as well be that state of being that is a game; it might as well be that, in a green field, in the sun.
The bunk house was a long, rectangular building. Inside, the walls were whitewashed and the floor unpainted. In three walls there were small, square windows, and in the fourth, a solid door with a wooden latch. Against the walls were eight bunks, five of them made up with blankets and the other three showing their burlap ticking. Over each bunk there was nailed an apple box with the opening forward so that it made two shelves for the personal belongings of the occupant of the bunk. And these shelves were loaded with little articles, soap and talcum powder, razors and those Western magazines ranch men love to read and scoff at and secretly believe.
Exactly, in the back, up on a high shelf. If one of us were to fall it would affect workers comp rates; we're not only protecting our employer but small businesses everywhere.
I don't know what the world may need but a V-8 engine's a good start for me. I think I'll drive and find a place to be surly. I don't know what the world may want but some words of wisdom could comfort us. Think I'll leave that up to someone wiser.
Morale was deteriorating and it was all Yossarian's fault. The country was in peril; he was jeopardising his traditional rights of freedom and independence by daring to exercise them.
We've arranged a global civilisation in which most crucial elements profoundly depend on science and technology. We have also arranged things so that almost no one understands science and technology. This is a prescription for disaster.
There's a clocktower in Hereford, where the names of the dead are inscribed. We try to honour there deeds, even as there faces fade from our memory. Those memories are all that's left, when they have taken everything else.
I think about my daughter now, and what she was spared. Sometimes I feel grateful. The doctor said she didn't feel a thing, went straight into a coma. Then, somewhere in that blackness, she slipped off into another, deeper kind. Isn't that a beautiful way to go out, painlessly as a happy child? Trouble with dying later is you've already grown up. The damage is done. It's too late.
So please don't forget to call me just to let me know you're doing okay, miles away from here..
Everybody is identical in their secret unspoken belief that way deep down they are different from everyone else.
I plan to leave. You want me to stay. Well, an element of conflict in any discussion's a very good thing. It means everybody is taking part and nobody is left out.
Sometimes you remind me a lot of James. He called it my 'furry little problem' in company. Many people were under the impression that I owned a badly behaved rabbit.
Boy, what a pair we're going to make! A football player and a lover boy! I could get you girls, and you could get me football tickets. It certainly has amazing advantages.
Sliding-window flow controls are designed to provide reliable services in a more efficient way, using less network bandwidth for acknowledgements. The sliding-window technique basically lets the sender transmit multiple packets at a time and use the transmission channel as efficiently as possible.
Why, sometimes I've believed as many as six impossible things before breakfast.
That's what the money is for! You should be thanking me every morning when you wake up, along with Jesus, for giving you another day!
Genes don't determine our brains (or our bodies), but they do constrain them. The developmental possibilities for an individual are neither infinitely malleable nor solely in the hands of the environment. But the insight that thinking, behaviour, and experiences change the brain, directly, or through changes in genetic activity, seems to strip the word "hardwiring" of much useful meaning.
Neo: "Right now, we're inside a computer programme?" Morpheus: "Is it really so hard to believe? Your clothes are different, the plugs in your arms and head are gone. Your hair has changed. Your appearance now is what we call residual self image. It is the mental projection of your digital self." Neo: "This... this isn't real?" Morpheus: "What is real? How do you define real? If you're talking about what you can feel - what you can smell and taste and see - then real is simply electrical signals interpreted by your brain."
I do not know if all cops are poets, but I know that all cops carry guns with triggers.
Never give up. Most races are decided in the last 10 percent of the race.
If you want to know what a man's like, take a good look at how he treats his inferiors, not his equals.
The bonds between ourselves and another person exists only in our minds. Memory as it grows fainter loosens them, and notwithstanding the illusion by which we want to be duped and which, out of love, friendship, politeness, deference, duty, we dupe other people, we exist alone. Man is the creature who cannot escape from himself, who knows other people only in himself, and when he asserts the contrary, he is lying.
Stir-frying is a cooking technique in which small, uniform-size pieces of meat and/or vegetables are cooked quickly over high heat while being constantly stirred. Saute literally means "to jump" and is defined as cooking food in a small amount of fat while stirring and tossing it. The biggest difference between the two techniques is that food is usually cooked at a slightly lower heat when sauteing, so it doesn't require constant stirring.
All around us are hot dog vending machines in different guises - independent entities concurrently responding to events in the world. The espresso machine at your favourite coffee shop, the pet hamster you loved as a child - everything can be deconstructed into a set of behaviours that follow the general form "when x happens, do y."
The history of all hitherto existing society is the history of class struggles. Freeman and slave, patrician and plebeian, lord and serf, guildmaster and journeyman, in a word, oppressor and oppressed, stood in constant opposition to one another, carried on an uninterrupted, now hidden, now open fight, that each time ended, either in the revolutionary reconstitution of society at large, or in the common ruin of the contending classes.
Okay, stand outa the way. Sometimes when I go exertin' myself I use up all the air nearby and grown men faint from suffocation. Stand back. There's liable to be crackin' cement and flying steel. Get the women and kids someplace safe. Stand back...
But... this is what I think. Trying to knock others down a peg just means lowering yourself. Don't go trampling all the hard work and trust you've built up. It insults the effort you put in. The only way that would make you happy is if you were a loser who'd given up on trying. But I don't think that describes you. The Kariu I know hates losing, is curt but kind, and is a hard worker with a strong heart. Because I know how hard you've worked, I'm not really mad. Just very, very sad. Don't act like some filthy adult. You're still young! Don't give up on try-- Kariu: What would you know?! What the hell are you lecturing me for? We're the same age!
I have often wished to be human. I study people carefully in order to more closely approximate human behaviour.
No one who has been through this day can ever forget the beautiful series of military tableaux, the gorgeous colouring, the constantly varying effects of light and shade, under clear, blue sky, or when piles of great white cumuli were passing, until, darkening with the progress of the fight, an unnatural gloom blackened the heavens, and from the inky clouds torrents of rain poured upon the combatants. The variety of colour, light, and shade was only equalled by the variety of the military movements during the day.
Cordelia, I have at least three lives to contend with, none of which really mesh. It's kind of like oil and water and a third unmeshable thing.
Everyone gets everything he wants. I wanted a mission, and for my sins, they gave me one. Brought it up to me like room service. It was a real choice mission, and when it was over, I never wanted another.
Is your housekeeper acting suspicious? Try asking the girl a few key questions, such as "don't you think those Vox Populi folk have a valid complaint against the Prophet?" And "I'm sure some of your friends have attended meetings... I'd sure like to see what they're all about!" Now, back to the music...
Now I will tell you the answer to my question. It is this. The Party seeks power entirely for its own sake. We are not interested in the good of others; we are interested solely in power, pure power. What pure power means you will understand presently. We are different from the oligarchies of the past in that we know what we are doing. All the others, even those who resembled ourselves, were cowards and hypocrites.
Audrey, there are many cures for a broken heart. But nothing quite like a trout's leap in the moonlight.
To the extent that experience is the sum of our memories and wisdom the sum of experience, having a better memory would mean knowing not only more about the world, but also more about myself.
Achieving top performance in a programming contest or any other sporting event is not purely a function of talent. It is important to know the competition, to train correctly, and to develop the proper strategies and tactics in order to compete successfully.
Certainly the determining acts of her life were not ideally beautiful. They were the mixed result of young and novel impulse struggling amidst the conditions of an imperfect social state, in which great feelings will often take the aspect of error, and great faith the aspect of illusion.
I do not know what evil is when it comes to art. I only know what is good art and what is bad art.
Stupid human propaganda! The very concept of a superior alien species being felled by something as pathetic as...germs... is sheer fantasy! Do they really believe that could happen?
Antoon used to import paint cans. That's simply too expensive now, so he's taken to making his own. An educated man who is proud of what he's achieved, he shows how his workers recycle old oil can barrels, turning them into shiny containers for his open paint.
The largest piece of our nutrition puzzle belongs to carbohydrates. These macronutrients are the most abundant compounds on Earth, forming the grass under your feet and the trees that fill the sky. They should constitute most of the foods you eat.
Yes, of course. I remember, how could I forget? How you feel? You know you were my first time. A new feel. It won't ever get old, not in my soul. Not in my spirit, keep it alive. We'll go down this road. 'Til it turns from colour to black and white.
Under the headline "Wonderful Typing," the New York Times reported on a typing demonstration given the previous day in Brooklyn by a Thomas Osborne of Rochester, New York. The Times reported that Mr. Osborne "holds the championship for fast typing, having accomplished 126 words a minute at Toronto August 13, 1888."
Sutler. Come now, Mr. Creedy, you knew this was coming. You knew that one day, it'd be you or him. That's why Sutler has been kept underground, for "security purposes". That's why there are several of your men close to Sutler. Men that could be counted on. All you have to do is say the word.
Hal, who's empty but not dumb, theorises privately that what passes for hip cynical transcendence of sentiment is really some kind of fear of being really human, since to be really human (at least as he conceptualises it) is probably to be unavoidably sentimental and naive and goo-prone and generally pathetic, is to be in some basic interior way forever infantile, some sort of not-quite-right-looking infant dragging itself anaclitically around the map, with big wet eyes and froggy-soft skin, huge skull, gooey drool.
In the early history of topology, results were primarily motivated by investigations of real-world problems.
It was a long and gloomy night that gathered on me, haunted by the ghosts of many hopes, of many dear remembrances, many errors, many unavailing sorrows and regrets.
The things we do outlast our mortality. The things we do are like monuments that people build to honour heroes after they've died. They're like the pyramids that the Egyptians built to honour the pharaohs. Only instead of being made of stone, they're made out of the memories people have of you.
Consciousness, complex and subtle, can be impaired or ended by a mere stepping-up or dimming-down of any one sense intensity, which is the procedure in hypnosis. And the intensification of one sense by a new medium can hypnotise an entire community.
It was not the thorn bending to the honeysuckles, but the honeysuckles embracing the thorn.
This is a little ridiculous. Okay, so he kills a deer, he tans the hides, he stretches the skins, he makes an anodised aluminium frame, he learns how to extrude and weld, all in about five minutes, huh?
This guy's walkin' down a street when he falls in a hole. The walls are so steep he can't get out. A doctor passes by and the guy shouts up, "Hey you! Can you help me out?" The doctor writes him a prescription, throws it down the hole and moves on. Then a priest comes along and the guy shouts up, "Father, I'm down in this hole; can you help me out?" The priest writes out a prayer, throws it down in the hole and moves on. Then a friend walks by. "Hey Joe, it's me, can you help me out?" And the friend jumps in the hole. Our guy says, "Are ya stupid? Now we're both down here!" and the friend says, "Yeah, but I've been down here before, and I know the way out."
I don't think we'd have any alternatives. There isn't a single aspect of ship operations that isn't under his control. If he were proven to be malfunctioning I wouldn't see how we'd have any choice but disconnection.
Ah-ha! There's the problem: Too many toasters! You know what they say: "All toasters toast toast!"
I don't even want to talk about it anymore. What were you thinking? What was going on in your mind? Artistic integrity? Where, where did you come up with that? You're not artistic and you have no integrity. You know you really need some help. A regular psychiatrist couldn't even help you. You need to go to like Vienna or something. You know what I mean? You need to get involved at the University level. Like where Freud studied and have all those people looking at you and checking up on you. That's the kind of help you need.
Bullet Tooth Tony: "I gotta see a man who looks like he might know something, but it can't be done on the phone, if you know what I mean." Rose Bud: "I need a gun." Tony: "No you don't, Rose Bud my old son, you need me."
I never wanted to become someone like him. So secure, content to live each day just like the last. I was sure I knew that this was not for me. And I wanted so much more; far beyond what I could see. So I swore that I'd never be someone like him.
Give me that man that is not passion's slave, and I will wear him in my heart's core, in my heart of heart, as I do thee.
I have lived to see strange days. Long we have tended our beasts and our fields, built our houses, wrought our tools, or ridden away to help in the wars of Minas Tirith. And that we called the life of Men, the way of the world. We cared little for what lay beyond the borders of our land. Songs we have that tell of these things, but we are forgetting them, teaching them only to children, as a careless custom. And now the songs have come down among us out of strange places, and walk visible under the Sun.
An actress should never, ever, be asked to run beside a van in red disco boots for more than about half a block, and then only if her child is being kidnapped.
Combat for a naval aviator is fought in short, violent bursts. Our missions last but an hour or two before we are clear of danger and back on the carrier playing poker with our buddies. We are spared the sustained misery of the infantrymen who slog through awful conditions and danger for months on end.
Communication with others takes place when they understand what you're trying to get across to them. If they don't understand, then you are not communicating regardless of words, pictures, or anything else. People only understand things in terms of their experience, which means that you must get within their experience.
Benjamin Franklin, tactless in his youth, became so diplomatic, so adroit at handling people, that he was made American Ambassador to France. The secret of his success? "I will speak ill of no man," he said, "...and speak all the good I know of everybody."
I don't even like kids. They're always sticky like they've got jam on their hands. Even if there's no jam in the house, somehow, they've always got jam on their hands! I'm not the right guy to deal with that. I have no patience for jam hands!
I have waited lifetimes to find you. Now that you're here I can remind you of the things I've been dreaming of times two.
Every life is in many days, day after day. We walk through ourselves, meeting robbers, ghosts, giants, old men, young men, wives, widows, brothers-in-love, but always meeting ourselves.
In May 1980, Fidel Castro opened the harbour at Mariel, Cuba with the apparent intention of letting some of his people join their relatives in the United States. Within seventy-two hours, 3,000 U.S. boats were headed for Cuba. It soon became evident that Castro was forcing the boat owners to carry back with them not only their relatives, but the dregs of his jails.
Those who reject the argument that natural science has progressed and social science has languished take up their counterargument at the very foundations of the philosophy of natural science. To begin with, it is sometimes held that the natural sciences have not in fact made the kind of progress ordinarily attributed to them.
I figured I could get a job at a filling station somewhere, putting gas and oil in people's cars. I didn't care what kind of job it was, though. Just so people didn't know me and I didn't know anybody.
Tradition is a trap that allows people to stick their head in the sand. Everything in the past was so quaint, so charming. Times were simpler, kids didn't have sex, neighbours knew each other. It's a friggin' fairy tale. Things sucked then too, they just sucked without indoor plumbing.
Let me go! I'm not fit to be a senator! I'm not fit to live! Expel me, not him! Willet Dam is a fraud! It's a crime against the people who sent me here - and I committed it! Every word that boy said is the truth! Every word about Taylor and me and graft and the rotten political corruption of my state! Every word of it is true! I'm not fit for office! I'm not fit for any place of honour or trust! Expel me, not that boy!
Waving coloured flags, we won't surrender, there's no standing down. Love's a playing field, it's full of winners, we're breaking new ground.
Peter Pumpkinhead came to town spreading wisdom and cash around. Fed the starving and housed the poor. Showed the Vatican what gold's for. But he made too many enemies of the people who would keep us on our knees. Hooray for Peter Pumpkin. Who'll pray for Peter Pumpkinhead?
Convection also plays a minor role because of the relative thinness of the air layer and the presence of the upper cardboard heat shield. The insulation properties of the cardboard play a major role, since they serve to minimise the temperature gradient across the airspace. By studying the cooling of pizza in the gravity free environment of the space shuttle, we could more exactly determine the importance of convective flows.
Inadequate ventilation of poultry houses results in a build-up of ammonia gas from poultry faeces, which contain urea. This can predispose the poultry to respiratory disorders, such as sneezing, running eyes and mucous discharges from the mouth. Providing good ventilation easily prevents this.
Caravans were being raided in a forest north of Rangoon by a bandit. So we went looking for the stones, but in six months, we never found anyone who traded with him. Then, one day I saw a child playing with a ruby the size of a tangerine. The bandit had been throwing them away.
Zolner shook a Lucky Strike out of the pack. Antipov struck a match, let the wind blow it out, and struck another and lit the cigarette, shielding the flame this time expertly. The charade gave the thugs time to catch up. Three Irish, Zolner noted, two of them half drunk, but not enough to slow them down.
Some people don't understand the promises they're making when they make them.
If we had any nerve at all we would make an effort to really address the wrongs in this society, righteously.
Music finds a comfortable parallel with that of human language. Much as language has words, sentences, and storeys, music has tones, melodies, and songs.
I don't think we could have asked for a more beautiful evening, do you? Okay, watch the skies please... We now show uncorrelated targets approaching from the north-northwest.
I started the day with some nothin' tea. Nothin' tea is easy to make. First, get some hot water, then add nothin'. I experimented with potato skin tea a few weeks ago. The less said about that the better.
You asked me why I don't have original art? I've had three different names and a dozen different aliases because of you. And to be an artist, you have to know who you are.
Meet me in the crowd, people. Throw your love around, love me. Take it into town, happy. Put it in the ground where the flowers grow, gold and silver shine.
You're in big trouble, Burns. Homer Simpson's job requires college training in nuclear physics. Now you get your man up to speed, or we'll be forced to take legal action.
Without a queen the locust swarm turned the ground to black. Descending like a shadowy tower on a fish's back and scattered the sticks who crawled like snakes in the sand as the red clay took the form of a lizard who rushed like a moth to the flame of my open hand.
During the battle, Rebel spies managed to steal secret plans to the Empire's ultimate weapon. Pursued by the Empire's sinister agents, Princess Leia races home aboard her starship, custodian of the stolen plans that can save her people and restore freedom to the galaxy.
People in both fields operate with beliefs and biases. To the extent you can eliminate both and replace them with data, you gain a clear advantage.
To whom it concerns Darlene's great with a ball but guys don't watch tomboys when they're cruising the hall. To whom it concerns I just turned thirteen. Too short to be quarterback, too plain to be queen. To whom it concerns I'm not made of steel. When I get blindsided, my pain is quite real. I don't mean to squawk but it really burns. I just thought I'd mention it to whom it concerns.
In a world of human wreckage where I'm lost and I'm found and I can't touch the ground, I'm ploughed into the sound.
Really knowing is good. Not knowing, or refusing to know, is bad, or amoral, at least. You can't act if you don't know. Acting without knowing takes you right off the cliff.
Step out the front door like a ghost into the fog where no one notices the contrast of white on white. And in between the moon and you the angels get a better view of the crumbling difference between wrong and right. I walk in the air between the rain through myself and back again. Where? I don't know.
"Oh, if only it were possible to find understanding," Joseph exclaimed. "If only there were a dogma to believe in. Everything is contradictory, everything tangential; there are no certainties anywhere. Everything can be interpreted one way and then again interpreted in the opposite sense. The whole of world history can be explained as development and progress and can also be seen as nothing but decadence and meaninglessness. Isn't there any truth? Is there no real and valid doctrine?"
Here's our man. Yeah, all right. Here's me. Well, the guy playin' me anyway. Even though he don't look nothin' like me. But, whatever.
This is my most special place in all the world, Ray. Once a place touches you like this the wind never blows so cold again. You feel for it like it was your child. I can't leave Chisholm.
Now the years are rolling by me. They are rocking evenly. And I am older than I once was and younger than I'll be. But that's not unusual. No, it isn't strange after changes upon changes. We are more or less the same; after changes we are more or less the same.
We're all taught from a young age that there are only two choices: pink or blue, Bratz or Power Rangers, cheerleading or football. We see gender in two dimensions because that's what society taught us from birth. But, are you ready for a shocking revelation? Society needs to change.
But there is something that I must say to my people who stand on the warm threshold which leads into the palace of justice. In the process of gaining our rightful place we must not be guilty of wrongful deeds. Let us not seek to satisfy our thirst for freedom by drinking from the cup of bitterness and hatred.
It was far easier for you as civilised men to behave like barbarians than it was for them as barbarians to behave like civilised men.
My wife deserves vengeance. Doesn't make a difference whether I know about it. Just because there are things I don't remember doesn't make my actions meaningless. The world doesn't just disappear when you close your eyes, does it?
Every craft and every investigation, and likewise every action and decision, seems to aim at some good; hence the good has been well described as that at which everything aims.
I have moments like that a lot, when my brain falls asleep or something, and the next thing I know I've missed something, as if a puzzle piece fell out of the universe and left me staring at the blank place behind it.
I wonder about things, like, if they call an orange an "orange," then why don't we call a banana a "yellow" or an apple a "red"? Blueberries, I understand. But will someone explain gooseberries to me?
I've seen it all. I have seen the trees, I have seen the willow leaves dancing in the breeze, I've seen a man killed by his best friend and lives that were over before they were spent. I've seen what I was and I know what I'll be. I've seen it all, there is no more to see.
A man as smart as you has probably considered this. A man as smart as you probably has a plan.
My name is Charlie Bartlett. If there's one thing I want you guys to walk away with tonight, it's that you guys don't need me. I really mean it. You think I'm any less screwed up than you are? I get up every morning and I look in the mirror and I try and figure out just where I fit in and I draw a complete blank.
The great ideas of Xerox PARC which were turned into a great product by Apple are going to make Bill Gates even richer - why? Well he was smart. He was persistent. He took advantage of opportunities missed by others and he made clever decisions when his competitors were making stupid ones.
Life is a minestrone served up with parmesan cheese. Death is a cold lasagne suspended in deep freeze. Love is a fire of flaming brandy upon a crepe suzette. Let's get this romance cooking, honey, but let us not forget.
Imagine there's no heaven. It's easy if you try. No hell below us, above us only sky. Imagine all the people living for today. Imagine there's no countries. It isn't hard to do. Nothing to kill or die for and no religion too. Imagine all the people living life in peace.
We turn away to face the cold, enduring chill, as the day begs the night for mercy love. The sun so bright it leaves no shadows, only scars, carved into stone on the face of earth. The moon is up and over One Tree Hill we see the sun go down in your eyes.
You're going in the drink and I am going to make a cup of tea. Underneath the floor boards is the famous river Thames. I hope for your sakes you can hold your breath for as long as it takes to boil that kettle. After that, I am going to ask you a question.
Since, as is well known, God helps those who help themselves, presumably the Devil helps all those, and only those, who don't help themselves. Does the Devil help himself?
I want to defeat the me that's dragging this failure around. I don't want to forget my failure. But if I carry it with me as a bad memory and keep running away, I will never change.
Llonio said life was a net for luck; to Hevydd the Smith life was a forge; and to Dwyvach the Weaver-Woman a loom. They spoke truly, for it is all of these. But you, Taran said, his eyes meeting the potter's, you have shown me life is one thing more. It is clay to be shaped, as raw clay on a potter's wheel.
Disillusion is the greatest gift I can give you. But, because of your fondness for illusion, you consider the term negative. You commiserate with a friend by saying, "Oh, what a disillusioning experience that must have been," when you ought to be celebrating with him. The word dis-illusion is literally a "freeing from illusion." But you cling to your illusions.
Many rivers to cross but I can't seem to find my way over. Wandering, I am lost as I travel along the white cliffs of Dover.
With all due respect ma'am, I'm done wasting my breath on you, because the purpose of this hearing was to determine if Mike Ross had reformed. But you don't seem to be interested in that because you've already made your mind up.
The most precious treasures we have in life are the images we store in the memory banks of our brains. The sum of these stored experiences is responsible for our sense of personal identity and our sense of connectedness to those around us.
We spent as much money as we could, and got as little for it as people could make up their minds to give us. We were always more or less miserable, and most of our acquaintance were in the same condition. There was a gay fiction among us that we were constantly enjoying ourselves, and a skeleton truth that we never did. To the best of my belief, our case was in the last aspect a rather common one.
I placed my revolver, cocked, upon the top of the wooden case behind which I crouched. Holmes shot the slide across the front of his lantern and left us in pitch darkness - such an absolute darkness as I have never before experienced. The smell of hot metal remained to assure us that the light was still there, ready to flash out at a moment's notice. To me, with my nerves worked up to a pitch of expectancy, there was something depressing and subduing in the sudden gloom, and in the cold dank air of the vault.
Yes, there were times, I'm sure you knew, when I bit off more than I could chew. But through it all, when there was doubt, I ate it up and spit it out.
The willow it weeps today. A breeze from the distance is calling your name. Unfurl your black wings and wait. Across the horizon it's coming to sweep you away, it's coming to sweep you away. Let the wind carry you home. Blackbird fly away. May you never be broken again.
Ray, people will come, Ray. They'll come to Iowa for reasons they can't even fathom. They'll turn up your driveway not knowing for sure why they're doing it. They'll arrive at your door as innocent as children, longing for the past. "Of course, we won't mind if you look around," you'll say. "It's only $20 per person." They'll pass over the money without even thinking about it, for it is money they have and peace they lack.
Good news, kiddies! Time for another exclusive WBBY "Watergate profile"! Today's obituary - John Mitchell! John Mitchell, the former U.S. attorney-general, has in recent weeks been repeatedly linked with both the Watergate caper and its cover-up. It would be a disservice to Mr. Mitchell and his character to prejudge the man, but everything known to date could lead one to conclude he's guilty! That's guilty! Guilty, guilty, guilty!
Perhaps I'm just projecting my own concern about it. I know I've never completely freed myself from the suspicion that there are some extremely odd things about this mission. I'm sure you agree there's some truth in what I say.
The really important kind of freedom involves attention, and awareness, and discipline, and effort, and being able truly to care about other people and to sacrifice for them, over and over, in myriad petty little unsexy ways, every day.
The problem was the industry wasn't measured by who has the best-selling personal computer or who has the most innovative technology. The industry was measured by who had the most open system that was adopted by the most other companies and the Microsoft strategy ultimately turned out to be the better business strategy.
Not too many days from this day, not too many hours from this hour. So long? The storm comes, or is it just another shower?
Wilkinson County was a recipient of one of the new "separate but equal" schools built throughout the South as a result of the 1954 Supreme Court decision. It had been under construction on a fifty-two-acre plot in Woodville for almost a year, when I graduated in 1959.
People don't want their lives fixed. Nobody wants their problems solved. Their dramas. Their distractions. Their storeys resolved. Their messes cleaned up. Because what would they have left? Just the big scary unknown.
The sheer quantity of brain power that hurled itself voluntarily and quixotically into the search for new baseball knowledge was either exhilarating or depressing, depending on how you felt about baseball. The same intellectual resources might have cured the common cold, or put a man on Pluto.
Well, Cuphead and his pal Mugman, they like to roll the dice. By chance they came upon Devil's game and, gosh, they paid the price.
The more stupid one is, the closer one is to reality. The more stupid one is, the clearer one is. Stupidity is brief and artless, while intelligence squirms and hides itself. Intelligence is unprincipled, but stupidity is honest and straightforward.
Now who knows, that had your twigs been bent in another direction, You Ike, may have been a great violinist. You Billy, a great architect. Sherman a dentist, Junior a dancer. Well it's never too late. Now I have here, a woodcarving set, a leather craft set, a metal craft set, and a Mr. Potato set.
In the Age of Ancients the world was unformed, shrouded by fog. A land of grey crags, Archtrees and Everlasting Dragons. But then there was fire and with fire came disparity. Heat and cold, life and death, and of course, light and dark. Then from the dark, they came, and found the Souls of Lords within the flame. Nito, the First of the Dead, The Witch of Izalith and her Daughters of Chaos, Gwyn, the Lord of Sunlight, and his faithful knights. And the Furtive Pygmy, so easily forgotten.
There was a long hard time when I kept far from me the remembrance of what I had thrown away when I was quite ignorant of its worth.
A material difference may be observed in the games of antiquity: the most eminent of the Greeks were actors, the Romans were merely spectators. The Olympic stadium was open to wealth, merit, and ambition; and if the candidates could depend on their personal skill and activity, they might pursue the footsteps of Diomede and Menelaus, and conduct their own horses in the rapid career... But a senator, or even a citizen, conscious of his dignity, would have blushed to expose his person or his horses in the circus of Rome. The games were established at the expense of the republic, the magistrates, or the emperors; but the reins were abandoned to servile hands; and if the profits of a favourite charioteer sometimes exceeded those of an advocate, they must be considered as the effects of popular extravagance, and the high wages of a disgraceful profession.
Listen to the watch. The way it's ticking synchronises with your heartbeat. Look into my eyes. Not above them, not around them, but deep into their centre. You are completely relaxed and are becoming weightless. Are you ready to do something impossible?
The sea was angry that day, my friends - like an old man trying to send back soup in a deli. I got about fifty feet out and suddenly the great beast appeared before me. I tell you he was ten storeys high if he was a foot. As if sensing my presence, he let out a great bellow. I said, "Easy, big fella!" And then, as I watched him struggling, I realised that something was obstructing its breathing. From where I was standing, I could see directly into the eye of the great fish.
If you're reading this, you've gotten out. And if you've come this far, maybe you're willing to come a little further. You remember the name of the town, don't you? I could use a good man to help me get my project on wheels. I'll keep an eye out for you and the chessboard ready. Remember, Red, hope is a good thing, maybe the best of things, and no good thing ever dies. I will be hoping that this letter finds you, and finds you well.
This is the storey of two sisters, Jessica Tate and Mary Campbell. Jessica lives in a neighbourhood known as "rich." Jessica likes life. The only thing about life she would change, if she could, is that she would set it all to music. The Tates have more secrets than they do money. We're approaching Mary Campbell's house. Mary too likes life. Unfortunately, life doesn't seem too crazy about her. As you can see, the Campbells don't have nearly as much money as the Tates. They do, however, have as many secrets.
I don't worry. This is all wrong. I don't know what it is but when I kiss you it's like I'm kissing my brother. I guess that doesn't make any sense, does it?
It's strange, but the way you look right now sort of looks like this tree. It looks all dark and gloomy, almost like it could start crying any second now. How sad...
I have to disagree. I make good life choices. Mostly because they're forced on me, but I make them. And I find myself in unpleasant situations all the time. You know why? Because even if you have a choice it can and will be taken away from you.
A semitrailer is legally defined as a vehicle designed so that a portion of its weight rests on a towing vehicle. This distinguishes it from a full trailer on which the entire load, except for a drawbar, rests on its own wheels.
When we got to the Mint I parked on the street in front of the casino, around a corner from the parking lot. No point risking a scene in the lobby, I thought.
The recipe for turning fruit into wine goes something like this: 1. Pick a large quantity of ripe grapes from grapevines (you could substitute raspberries or any other fruit, but 99.9 percent of all the wine in the world is made from grapes, because they make the best wines). 2. Put the grapes into a clean container that doesn't leak. 3. Crush the grapes somehow to release their juice. (Once upon a time, feet performed this step.) 4. Wait.
He has no doubt that you will repay him. In one hour he will be at your funeral parlour to ask for your help. Be there to greet him.
Joe: For the last time, I'm pretty sure what's killing the crops is this Brawndo stuff. Secretary of State: But Brawndo's got what plants crave. It's got electrolytes. Attorney General: So wait a minute. What you're saying is that you want us to put water on the crops. Joe: Yes. Attorney General: Water. Like out the toilet?
The feeling of having no power over people and events is generally unbearable to us - when we feel helpless we feel miserable. No one wants less power; everyone wants more. In the world today, however, it is dangerous to seem too power hungry, to be overt with your power moves. We have to seem fair and decent. So we need to be subtle - congenial yet cunning, democratic yet devious.
Perhaps one did not want to be loved so much as to be understood.
There was a stage and a PA up in western Massachusetts and the kids came from miles around to get messed up on the music. And she drove down from Bowdoin with a carload of girlfriends to meet some boys and maybe eat some mushrooms.
People won't be people when you hear this sound, that's been glowing in the dark at the edge of the town. People won't be people, no, the people won't be people when they hear this sound. Won't you show me what begins at the edge of the town?
What's the matter with you guys? You all know he's guilty! He's got to burn! You're letting him slip through our fingers!
So I'm two inches away from her. Her luscious lips part. Just as I'm about to kiss her, she looks at me and she says, "what's your name?" Gogol Ganguli. End of seduction 101.
Topology is generally considered to be one of the three linchpins of modern abstract mathematics (along with analysis and algebra). In the early history of topology, results were primarily motivated by investigations of real-world problems. Then, after the formal foundation for topology was established in the first part of the twentieth century, the emphasis turned to its abstract development.
Everyone always wants new things. Everybody likes new inventions, new technology. People will never be replaced by machines. In the end, life and business are about human connections. And computers are about trying to murder you in a lake. And to me the choice is easy.
Well I don't know how to tell the weight of the sun, and of mathematics well I want none, and I may be the Mayor of Simpleton, but I know one thing and that's I love you.
Radiation could be precisely determined, in principle, if we knew the reflectance of mozzarella and the cardboard in the long-wavelength regions of interest. The process is clearly governed by the Stefan-Boltzmann fourth power radiation law. Here, the oregano and other trace materials sitting on the surface might be of some importance if they changed the surface radiance in any appreciable way.
When you're in government, there's a million ways to exploit your power. Have I ever given into that temptation? No. Never. I'm not that kind of politician.
The math is compelling. Most of the people in the world are not your customers. They haven't even heard of you actually. And while many of these people are not qualified buyers or aren't interested in buying your product, many of them might be - if only they knew you existed, if they could be convinced that your offering is worth paying for.
Evil is not a thing. It cannot take possession of you. It's the opposite; it's a void, an absence of goodness. The only thing you can be frightened of here is yourself.
A dream is a gift from God. When you have a great yearning for something, your mind joins your heart and pushes for its fulfilment. Connecting mind to heart is essential to the creative force to be released. Reflect on those things in your life that bring you satisfaction.
We acquire a taste for salt. By consuming less salt, we can lose this acquired taste. This has happened to me and I find that I no longer like the salty taste of ham or bacon. Processed foods often have sodium added and provide us with far more sodium than fresh foods. Limiting processed foods, limiting salt at the table, and limiting salt used in cooking are the three main ways to reduce sodium in your diet.
Sixty-four thousand dollars for a question, I hope they are asking you the meaning of life.
Enjoy this next test. I'm going to go to the surface. It's a beautiful day out. Yesterday I saw a deer. If you solve this next test, maybe I'll let you ride an elevator all the way up to the break room, and I'll tell you about the time I saw a deer again.
There are still faint glimmers of civilisation left in this barbaric slaughterhouse that was once known as humanity. He was one of them. What more is there to say?
You boys are in so much trouble. I can't leave you alone for one second. I guess next time I go out, I'll have to chain you to the floor and tie you to the oven. You don't even pretend to listen. You might as well cut off your ears and throw them in the trash for as long as you use them. You are grounded for the next month!
Ah how shameless - the way these mortals blame the gods. From us alone they say come all their miseries yes but they themselves with their own reckless ways compound their pains beyond their proper share.
Your sins are terrible. It is just that you suffer. Your life could be redeemed, but I know you don't believe that. You will not change.
Rejoice in masses. The tribe collapses. The mother weeps in her dying breath. Rise from the ashes, oh foul Black Mammoth. Dead in spirit, now dead in flesh.
I think you're the kindest, sweetest, prettiest person I've ever met in my life. I've never seen anyone that's nicer to people than you are. The first time I saw you... something happened to me. I never told you but I knew that I wanted to hold you as hard as I could. I don't deserve someone like you. But if I ever could, I swear I would love you for the rest of my life.
Shakedown nineteen seven nine, cool kids never have the time. On a live wire right up off the street you and I should meet. Junebug skippin' like a stone with the headlights pointed at the dawn. We were sure we'd never see an end to it all.
Don't forget they've all been strengthened with gene therapy. They carry genes which make them excellent soldiers. Don't get careless just because they don't have much experience.
There is a stubbornness about me that never can bear to be frightened at the will of others. My courage always rises at every attempt to intimidate me.
The man who lies to himself and listens to his own lie comes to a point that he cannot distinguish the truth within him, or around him, and so loses all respect for himself and for others.
So can we be friends sweetly before the mystery ends? I love you more than the world can contain in its ramshackle head. There's only a shadow of me; in a manner of speaking I'm dead.
You're right, I did lose a million dollars last year. I expect to lose a million dollars this year. I expect to lose a million dollars next year.
PETITION: to make whiney congressmen play violent video games.
Your faith was strong but you needed proof. You saw her bathing on the roof. Her beauty in the moonlight overthrew you.
I hope you're pleased with yourselves. We could all have been killed - or worse, expelled. Now if you don't mind, I'm going to bed.
Every time you practise a technique incorrectly, you're increasing your chances of doing it wrong again. Practise doesn't make perfect; only perfect practise makes perfect.
That Qwerty survived significant challenges early in the history of typewriting demonstrates that it is at least among the reasonably fit, even if not the fittest that can be imagined.
We enter a spiritual puberty where we snap to the fact that the great transcendent horror is loneliness, excluded encagement in the self. Once we've hit this age, we will now give or take anything, wear any mask, to fit, be part-of, not be Alone, we young. The U.S. arts are our guide to inclusion. A how-to. We are shown how to fashion masks of ennui and jaded irony at a young age where the face is fictile enough to assume the shape of whatever it wears.
And now the end is near, and so I face the final curtain. My friend, I'll say it clear. I'll state my case of which I'm certain, I've lived a life that's full. I travelled each and every highway, and more, much more than this, I did it my way.
These nights are endless, and a man can sleep through them, or he can enjoy listening to storeys, and you have no need to go to bed before it is time. Too much sleep is only a bore. And of the others, any one whose heart and spirit urge him can go outside and sleep, and then, when the dawn shows, breakfast first, then go out to tend the swine of our master.
I'll be there for you when the rain starts to pour. I'll be there for you like I've been there before. I'll be there for you 'cause you're there for me too.
You're just a whiny little basket case who's milking this depression thing for all it's worth. So here it is, four in the afternoon and you get to do exactly what you want, well, way to go. Now excuse me, but I got a zillion chores to do or Mom and Dad are gonna kick my butt.
The process of determining what pixels should be written for a given object is independent of any clipping, or of the write mode for the pixel-drawing operation. It does depend, however, on attributes that alter the object's shape, and on our criteria for pixel selection.
Whether I shall turn out to be the hero of my own life, or whether that station will be held by anybody else, these pages must show.
Is anyone there? Who survived? Somebody new? Anyone else, but you? On a lonely night, was a burning light. A hundred years and we'll be born again.
When in the Course of human events it becomes necessary for one people to dissolve the political bands which have connected them with another and to assume among the powers of the earth, the separate and equal station to which the Laws of Nature and of Nature's God entitle them, a decent respect to the opinions of mankind requires that they should declare the causes which impel them to the separation.
He stepped down, trying not to look long at her, as if she were the sun, yet he saw her, like the sun, even without looking.
Try to keep in mind that a young person playing Willie Loman thinks he's only pretending to be at the end of a life full of despair. But the tragedy is that we know that you, the young actor will end up in this very place of desolation.
At the Limes the position of affairs became more terrible every day for Margaret. Mr. Drayton was always sullen, silent, and watchful, and the incessant watchfulness broke down her nerves. She had long fits of crying, without herself being aware of it. The women-servants had left, and she could not replace them; the one woman who came by day to clean and cook (and could do neither) was the only one besides her nurse, and Margaret lived in dread of her leaving her.
He cancelled all his commitments and pulled together the most important of his books, and now here he was sitting inside a dusty, smelly warehouse. Outside, a huge caravan was being prepared for a crossing of the Sahara, and was scheduled to pass through Al-Fayoum.
I'm a great quitter. It's one of the few things I do well. I come from a long line of quitters. My father was a quitter, my grandfather was a quitter... I was raised to give up.
Here I am a record on a jukebox. A little piece of plastic with a hole, ooh. Play me. Buy me and you play me then my plastic turns to gold. Here we are together on your hi-fi. A little piece of plastic with a hole, oh. Fade me, fade me, fade me, fade me.
It is the stated position of the U.S. Air Force that their safeguards would prevent the occurrence of such events as are depicted in this film. Furthermore, it should be noted that none of the characters portrayed in this film are meant to represent any real persons living or dead.
Morning has broken like the first morning, blackbird has spoken like the first bird. Praise for the singing, praise for the morning, praise for them springing fresh from the world.
Aravis also had many quarrels (and, I'm afraid, even fights) with Cour, but they always made it up again: so that years later, when they were grown up, they were so used to quarrelling and making up again that they got married so as to go on doing it more conveniently.
A hatch opened up and the aliens said, "We're sorry to learn that you soon will be dead, but though you may find this slightly macabre, we prefer your extinction to the loss of our job."
And I have one of those very loud, stupid laughs. I mean if I ever sat behind myself in a movie or something, I'd probably lean over and tell myself to please shut up.
The Altair was tedious to use. At first, the only way that data and instructions could be given to the computer was by flipping switches. Take something trivial like 2+2. Each 2 needed eight different switches to be flipped, then a ninth switch was used to load them all. 'And' required another nine switches. The answer 4 was if the third light from the left turned on. Eureka!
Oh, dear, what happened? Did you get entangled in the eiderdown again? Not enough cream in your eclair? Hmmm... or did you have to talk to all your friends for so long that you didn't have time to perm your ears?
Had dreams. Two of 'em. Both had my father. It's peculiar. I'm older now than he ever was by twenty years. So in a sense he's the younger man.
Death really did not matter to him but life did, and therefore the sensation he felt when they gave their decision was not a feeling of fear but of nostalgia.
Now you come to me and you say, "Don Corleone, give me justice." But you don't ask with respect. You don't offer friendship. You don't even think to call me Godfather.
I hope that our few remaining friends give up on trying to save us. I hope we come up with a fail-safe plot to piss off the dumb few that forgave us. I hope the fences we mended fall down beneath their own weight, and I hope we hang on past the last exit. I hope it's already too late.
I tried, I tried. I tried to talk to Toby and be his friend but that is like trying to be friends with an evil snail.
A sensitive and honest-minded man, if he's concerned about evil and injustice in the world, will naturally begin his campaign against them by eliminating them at their nearest source: his own person. This task will take his entire life.
Milt, with the excellent timing of a master comedy writer, waited until the guns were loaded and the noose was knotted before he turned back to the class. First, he repeated himself. "There is no such thing as writer's block." Then he went on, "There is only failure to make a decision."
Shoot all the blue jays you want, if you can hit 'em, but remember that it's a sin to kill a mockingbird.
It's a four ton truck, Tyrone, it's not as though it's a packet of peanuts, is it? It was behind you, whenever you reverse things come from behind you!
Three Rings for the Elven-kings under the sky, Seven for the Dwarf-lords in their halls of stone, Nine for Mortal Men doomed to die, One for the Dark Lord on his dark throne in the Land of Mordor where the Shadows lie. One Ring to rule them all, One Ring to find them, One Ring to bring them all and in the darkness bind them in the Land of Mordor where the Shadows lie.
And brace for the glory as you stare into the sky.
The goal of the true seeker is to become a sage, or superior man. There are certain immutable laws of the universe, which the sage must be in harmony with. Different Ninja sects espouse some laws in particular, but each law is essential in its own right, and must be considered equal to the rest.
That's how you have to think of this. We're rewriting the history of human thought with what we're doing.
Keep off the path, beware of the gate, watch out for signs that say "hidden driveways." Don't let the chlorine in your eyes blind you to the awful surprise that's waiting for you at the bottom of the bottomless blue pool.
Learning how to think really means learning how to exercise some control over how and what you think. It means being conscious and aware enough to choose what you pay attention to and to choose how you construct meaning from experience. Because if you cannot or will not exercise this kind of choice in adult life, you will be totally hosed.
Give me a lifetime of promises and a world of dreams. Speak the language of love like you know what it means. You're simply the best, better than all the rest, better than anyone I ever met.
O-objection! I... object to the witness's talkativeness.
Hmm, looks like the chad is still hanging on that one, but I'm sure they'll count it.
Of course he has a knife, he always has a knife, we all have knives! It's 1183 and we're barbarians! How clear we make it. Oh, my piglets, we are the origins of war: not history's forces, nor the times, nor justice, nor the lack of it, nor causes, nor religions, nor ideas, nor kinds of government, nor any other thing.
Truly I was born to be an example of misfortune, and a target at which the arrows of adversary are aimed.
This has often been truncated to: History...is indeed little more than the register of the crimes, follies, and misfortunes of mankind.
This new learning amazes me, Sir Bedevere. Explain again how sheep's bladders may be employed to prevent earthquakes.
Focus your attention on the Now and tell me what problem you have at this moment. I am not getting any answer because it is impossible to have a problem when your attention is fully in the Now.
I don't think I'd have been in such a hurry to reach adulthood if I'd known the whole thing was going to be ad-libbed.
The word science is derived from a Latin verb meaning "to know." Science is a way of knowing - an approach to understanding the natural world.
Of the Cold War era's myriad development projects, none has been more widely celebrated or fiercely critiqued than the concerted effort to teach US scientific agriculture to Latin American, Asian, and African farmers in pursuit of boosting global food production.
Often the trouble with magical things. They're never quite what you'd expect.
My beloved wife, I have missed you terribly. Thank you for returning Lady Bolton safely. Now, dismount and kneel before me. Surrender your army and proclaim me the true Lord of Winterfell and Warden of the North. I will pardon you for deserting the Night's Watch, I will pardon these treasonous Lords for betraying my House. Come, bastard. You don't have the men, you don't have the horses, and you don't have Winterfell! Why lead those poor souls into slaughter? There's no need for a battle. Get off your horse and kneel. I am a man of mercy.
Friday morning Qwilleran sat at his typewriter and stared at the row of keys that spelt q-w-e-r-t-y-u-i-o-p.
Mr. Moony presents his compliments to Professor Snape, and begs him to keep his abnormally large nose out of other people's business. Mr. Prongs agrees with Mr. Moony, and would like to add that Professor Snape is an ugly git. Mr. Padfoot would like to register his astonishment that an idiot like that ever became a Professor. Mr. Wormtail bids Professor Snape good day, and advises him to wash his hair, the slimeball.
The earliest flaglike objects were emblems - an animal or other carved figure - placed atop a pole. Ribbons beneath these insignia served as decoration. The importance of the two was later reversed so that the design of the flag on a piece of cloth (replacing the ribbons) conveyed the message while the finial of the pole became ornamental, either in the form of a sphere or, as the most common alternatives, a spear or (especially in the United States) an eagle.
My pop was real big. He did like he pleased. That's why everybody worked on him. The last time I seen my father, he was blind and diseased from drinking. And every time he put the bottle to his mouth, he didn't suck out of it, it sucked out of him until he shrunk so wrinkled and yellow even the dogs didn't know him.
I say to you today, my friends, that in spite of the difficulties and frustrations of the moment, I still have a dream. It is a dream deeply rooted in the American dream. I have a dream that one day this nation will rise up and live out the true meaning of its creed: "We hold these truths to be self-evident: that all men are created equal."
Since we're all going to die, it's obvious that when and how don't matter.
I know there's something in the wake of your smile. I get a notion from the look in your eyes. You've built a love but that love falls apart. Your little piece of heaven turns too dark.
Without warning the Halon system goes off. Pillars of high-pressure gas flood into the room, sucking the oxygen out of the air, making it impossible for a fire to breathe. A fire. Or people.
Bear Strangler McGee: [looming over Rimmer, who has just vomited into his hat] A man who beans up in the hat of Bear Strangler McGee is either mighty brave, or mighty stupid. Now which are you, boy? Rimmer: Sorry, what were the choices again? Lister: [quickly jumps in and hands McGee some money] You'll have to forgive our friend. He's a couple of gunmen short of a posse. Here. Bear Strangler McGee: That pays for the hat. Now what about the insult? Rimmer: OK, you're a fat, bearded git with breath that could paralyse a grizzly.
Voila! In view, a humble vaudevillian veteran cast vicariously as both victim and villain by the vicissitudes of Fate. This visage, no mere veneer of vanity, is a vestige of the vox populi, now vacant, vanished. However, this valourous visitation of a bygone vexation stands vivified and has vowed to vanquish these venal and virulent vermin vanguarding vice and vouchsafing the violently vicious and voracious violation of volition!
People say these things because everyone holds fond memories of their time in high school; however, I doubt that every high school student would want to remember their school life that way. For example, if neither studying, nor sports, nor socialising are of interest to someone, what then?
I'm a broke-nose fighter. I'm a loose-lipped liar. Searching for the edge of darkness. But all I get is just tyred. I went looking for attention. In all the wrong places. I was needing a redemption. And all I got was just cages.
We all know him to be a proud, unpleasant sort of man; but this would be nothing if you really liked him.
I wish that you were here with me. Well then there's hope yet. I can see your face in our secret place. You're not just a memory.
He told me this whole storey about when a Jew is on the show he always loses to a Gentile and then the Gentile wins more money. I mean who could dream up a scheme like that?
The crowd is running for their lives. I think I'm going to step inside. I can't stand here and watch this anymore. No, I can't go in there. Children are searching for their mothers and oh, not since the Hindenburg tragedy has there been anything like this.
O beautiful for spacious skies, but now those skies are threatening. They're beating ploughshares into swords for this tyred old man that we elected king. Armchair warriors often fail and we've been poisoned by these fairy tales. The lawyers clean up all details since daddy had to lie.
They, of course, didn't know me; but I knew them all right.
It's been a hard day's night, and I'd been working like a dog. It's been a hard day's night, I should be sleeping like a log. But when I get home to you I find the things that you do will make me feel alright.
I can always tell when you're lying. I also know that you cannot tell me why you do so. So there is no need to convince me, or wrap everything in lies, or try to take the blame on yourself like that. Because I have complete faith in you, Subaru-kun.
Scissors cuts paper. Paper covers rock. Rock crushes lizard. Lizard poisons Spock. Spock smashes scissors. Scissors decapitates lizard. Lizard eats paper. Paper disproves Spock. Spock vapourises rock. And as it always has, rock crushes scissors.
And then he calls me a jerk and says the last guy who thought he was a jerk was dead now. So I don't say nothing and he says, "What do ya think about that?" So I says, "Well, that don't sound like too good a deal for him then."
Music, you know, true music - not just rock 'n' roll - it chooses you. It lives in your car, or alone, listening to your headphones - you know, with the vast, scenic bridges and angelic choirs in your brain. It's a place apart from the vast, benign lap of America.
Well, I got the secret weapon that can lay this little lady right away. Here we go. This country was ruined by Franklin Delano Roosevelt!
Since every piece of matter in the Universe is in some way affected by every other piece of matter in the Universe, it is in theory possible to extrapolate the whole of creation - every sun, every planet, their orbits, their composition and their economic and social history from, say, one small piece of fairy cake.
Lucid but wholly false recollections can easily be induced by a few cues and questions. Memory can be contaminated.
I received special training via a secret organisation working under the direct control of the President. I was to assume the responsibility of protecting the new President's family.
Quite a plan you boys cooked up here. Quite a plan. I'm not sure what upsets me more - that I have four employees that conspired to commit felony fraud, or that I have four employees that are so stupid I found out about it within 30 seconds. Hearing it out loud, the first one seems worse.
I got the feeling Poseidon really didn't know what to think of me. He didn't know whether he was happy to have me as a son or not. In a strange way, I was glad that Poseidon was so distant. If he'd tried to apologise, or told me he loved me, or even smiled, it would've felt fake.
Our files show that the Smuggler is whacked-out paranoid. Watch for booby traps. And the latest news: your brother's team hit some resistance, so they're going to be delayed while we bring in chopper support.
This is H.V. Kaltenborn speaking. Half of official Washington is here to see democracy's finest show: the filibuster. The right to talk your head off. The American privilege of free speech in its most dramatic form. The least man in that chamber, once he gets and holds that floor, by the rules, can hold it and talk as long as he can stand on his feet. Providing always first, that he does not sit down; second, that he does not leave the chamber or stop talking.
I'm not leaving. You guys just chase us out whenever you want without even asking us. I'm getting tyred of it! Watching TV is the only thing to do in this house that's actually fun. So you're left with two choices: you can either fight somewhere else, or get us a TV for our room.
Half the time she did things not simply, not for themselves; but to make people think this or that; perfect idiocy she knew for no one was ever for a second taken in.
Although the resolution is coarse, cytogenetic maps have provided a very useful general framework for ordering human DNA sequences by in situ hybridisation and defined cytogenetic breakpoints have enabled additional mapping tools.
If soldiers are punished before they have grown attached to you, they will not prove submissive; and, unless submissive, they will be practically useless. If, when the soldiers have become attached to you, punishments are not enforced, they will still be useless.
Within some disciplines prediction and practical application are important ways of "articulating the paradigm." But to identify what kinds of predictions, if any, are appropriate to a social science, we must first identify in the light of its standards, the social sciences are progressing perfectly well.
Happiness can be found, even in the darkest of times, if one only remembers to turn on the light.
I've always felt there's something inherently psychopathic about joining the army in peacetime. As far as I'm concerned people join the army to find out what it's like to kill someone. I hardly think that's an inclination that should be encouraged in modern society, do you?
Listen, strange women lyin' in ponds distributin' swords is no basis for a system of government. Supreme executive power derives from a mandate from the masses, not from some farcical aquatic ceremony.
Read the newspaper. What does it say? All bad. It's all bad. People have forgotten what life is all about. They've forgotten what it is to be alive. They need to be reminded. They need to be reminded of what they have and what they can lose. What I feel is the joy of life, the gift of life, the freedom of life, the wonderment of life!
And you know it's time to go, through the sleet and driving snow, across the fields of mourning, light in the distance. And you hunger for the time - time to heal, desire time, and your earth moves beneath your own dream landscape.
I sincerely believe that if women study male lessons on concepts of assertion, courage, destiny, purpose, honour, dreams, endeavour, perseverance, goal orientation, etc., they would have a more fulfilling life, pick better men with whom to be intimate, and have better relationships with them.
There will be a substantial reward for the one who finds the Millennium Falcon. You are free to use any methods necessary, but I want them alive. No disintegrations.
The morning sun in all its glory greets the day with hope and comfort too. And you fill my life with laughter, you can make it better.
He also swore himself by a binding oath that whatever wife he married he would abate her maidenhead at night and slay her next morning to make sure of his honour.
Earlier tonight I went out. I went out hard. I drank a lot of whisky. I wish I could say I didn't enjoy it, that I felt sick to my stomach, couldn't even look at myself in the mirror afterwards, but I can't say that because it was perfect. And that kind of perfection doesn't make me feel weak; it makes me feel strong. I looked at myself in the mirror and I finally recognised that person I once knew so well - that person who went out all the time, sometimes just for fun. And now that I've seen that person again, I don't know if I could ever go back.
The spot where we intend to fight must not be made known; for then the enemy will have to prepare against a possible attack at several different points; and his forces being thus distributed in many directions, the numbers we shall have to face at any given point will be proportionately few.
No, I thought not. You have not asked me for instance, what is my favourite jam, to cheque that I am not an impostor. For future reference, Harry, it is raspberry... although of course, if I were a Death Eater, I would have been sure to find out my own jam preferences before impersonating myself.
A person who has not done one half his day's work by ten o'clock, runs a chance of leaving the other half undone.
The creatures outside looked from pig to man, and from man to pig, and from pig to man again; but already it was impossible to say which was which.
The answer was a perfectly indescribable hiss, and Mowgli kicked up his feet behind, clapped his hands together to applaud himself, and jumped on Bagheera's back, where he sat sideways, drumming with his heels on the glossy skin and making the worst faces that he could think of at Baloo.
You see, Mr. Newton, I'm kind of a cliche. I'm the disillusioned scientist, that goes with the cynical writer, the alcoholic actor and the spaced-out spaceman. A man like you wouldn't understand a guy like me.
It looks like your little adventure has reached its penultimate chapter. I suppose that means it's time for me to go look for real work... Whoa! I can't believe I just said that! No, seriously... I gotta find that treasure...
That sometimes human beings have to just sit in one place and, like, hurt. That you will become way less concerned with what other people think of you when you realise how seldom they do. That there is such a thing as raw, unalloyed, agendaless kindness. That it is possible to fall asleep during an anxiety attack. That concentrating on anything is very hard work.
Come let me love you, let me give my life to you, let me drown in your laughter, let me die in your arms, let me lay down beside you, let me always be with you.
Cosby Show and Roseanne, think I've taken 'bout as much as I can. Judge Wapner, oh my. You gotta be Rain Man to like this guy. Thirtysomething is alright if you like hearing yuppies whining all night. Can't stand Twin Peaks. Wish they'd lynch those doughnut-eating freaks. Those Siskel & Ebert bums ought to go home and sit on their thumbs.
George, I am an old man and most people hate me. But I don't like them either, so that makes it all even. You know just as well as I do that I run practically everything in this town but the Bailey Building and Loan. You know, also, that for a number of years I've been trying to get control of it. Or kill it. But I haven't been able to do it. You have been stopping me.
And it's whispered that soon, if we all call the tune, then the piper will lead us to reason and a new day will dawn for those who stand long and the forests will echo with laughter.
That's what makes you dangerous. It's not the mask, it's not the skills, it's your ideology. The lone man who thinks he can make a difference. I'm glad we could talk. I... I respect your conviction even if it runs counter with my own.
They may have even had a brief discussion about recovering my body, but regulations are clear. In the event a crewman dies on Mars, he stays on Mars. Leaving his body behind reduces weight for the MAV on the trip back. That means more disposable fuel and a larger margin of error for the return thrust. No point in giving that up for sentimentality.
You're right, Mom. I shouldn't let this bother me. I'm in television now. It's my job to be repetitive. My job. My job. Repetitiveness is my job. I'm gonna go out there and give the best performance of my life!
Some things you just can't explain. You don't even try. You don't know where to start. All your sentences would jumble up like a giant knot if you opened your mouth. Any words you used would come out wrong.
First of all, you must be comfortable, otherwise it will be overly tyring and very difficult to concentrate. Many races have been lost due to discomfort from a poorly fitted seat.
If someone gives you an opinion and says, "Hey, you look so fat," don't take it personally, because the truth is that this person is dealing with his or her own feelings, beliefs, and opinions. That person tried to send poison to you and if you take it personally, then you take that poison and it becomes yours.
I was thinking of the immortal words of Socrates who said, "I drank what?"
I'm always worried maybe people aren't going to like me when I go to a party. Isn't that crazy? Do you ever get a kind of a sick feeling in the pit of your stomach when you dread things? Gee, I wouldn't want to miss a party for anything, but every time I go to one I keep feeling like the whole world's against me.
Comstock says all this trouble, all this strife, is on our heads. Says we're to blame. Says ain't nobody got nothing to complain about, and if it's not fine for you and yours, that's 'cause you a backslider and you've fallen into sin.
This town is very peaceful. Yes, and that is why there are so many flowers. But... I have heard there are places in the world where no flowers bloom. I could never forgive myself if I did nothing to try to bring flowers to such places. That is why I shoot out spores as often as I can. It is my civic duty!
Pursued by the Empire's sinister agents, Princess Leia races home aboard her starship, custodian of the stolen plans that can save her people and restore freedom to the galaxy.
However we choose to feed ourselves, we eat by the grace of nature, not industry, and what we're eating is never anything more or less than the body of the world.
Got a call from an old friend we'd used to be real close. Said he couldn't go on the American way. Closed the shop, sold the house, bought a ticket to the west coast. Now he gives them a stand-up routine in L.A. I don't need you to worry for me 'cause I'm alright. I don't want you to tell me it's time to come home. I don't care what you say anymore, this is my life. Go ahead with your own life, leave me alone!
Involuntarily I glanced seaward - and distinguished nothing except a single green light, minute and far away, that might have been the end of a dock.
Most ironic of all, was the last gift that Raziel had given me. More powerful than the sword that now held his soul, more acute even than the vision that his sacrifice had accorded me. The first, bitter taste of that terrible illusion: hope.
What you need to learn, children, is the difference between right and wrong in every area of life. And once you learn the difference, you must always choose the right.
Look at it. Oh, it's suffocating. Well, it's the smog. You know, people can live with it, but trees - it gives them asthma. They can't breathe. The leaves, look, they're turning all brown. Harold, we have got to do something about this life.
In the early days of computer chess people used to estimate that it would be ten years until a computer (or programme) was world champion. But after ten years had passed, it seemed that the day a computer would become world champion was still more than ten years away... This is just one more piece of evidence for the rather recursive Hofstadter's Law: It always takes longer than you expect, even when you take into account Hofstadter's Law.
A pulse of energy wipes the galaxy clean of all its life. Vivisection of the cosmos, a dogma of the damned. The rule of ancients ceases to exist. Alone in a vast obscurity of infinite perception. Billions have vanished before my eyes. Psychopathic devastation is the rule of our demise. Sliding forward into the tale of which return is not an option, isolation, incubation of the virulent contagion.
It is very seldom that mere ordinary people like John and myself secure ancestral halls for the summer. A colonial mansion, a hereditary estate, I would say a haunted house, and reach the height of romantic felicity - but that would be asking too much of fate! Still I will proudly declare that there is something queer about it. Else, why should it be let so cheaply? And why have stood so long untenanted?
Here, the oregano and other trace materials sitting on the surface might be of some importance if they changed the surface radiance in any appreciable way.
To be honest, as this world goes, is to be one man picked out of ten thousand.
Have you no hope at all? And do you really live with the thought that when you die, you die, and nothing remains?
I got Reese's Puffs in my bowl, now my day's on cruise control. I got Reese's Puffs in my bowl and just like that I'm on a roll. Reese's Puffs, Reese's Puffs, peanut butter chocolate flavour! Reese's Puffs, Reese's Puffs, in the AM it's the flavour I savour. Peanut butter and chocolate too, you know how I do, that's what I wake up to. My Reese's Puffs inspired this rhythm and peanut butter and chocolate flavours on time. Reese's Puffs, Reese's Puffs!
Gruntilda: Banjo's game ends in my tower, turn it up I need full power! Klungo: Yesss your Gruntyssship, transssformation sssoon be complete... Tooty: Help me Banjo, I feel all funny... Klungo: Bear and bird finissshed, Grunty winsss! Gruntilda: Look at Grunty she's a beauty, I'm much prettier than Tooty! Klungo: Oh you are missstresss! Mumbo: Grunty nice, come back to Mumbo's skull, yes? Tooty: Banjo! Your sister wants a word with you... Now!
How often do you think about why your friends came into your life? Was it random? By design? Or maybe a little of both? Regardless of the reasons, some friends you just know are gonna be by your side for a while. Others, you're not so sure. And then there's that one friend who... well, you hope one day becomes something more, but friend will have to do for now. And that's okay, I guess.
You're so deceitful you can't ask for water when you're thirsty. We could tangle spiders in the webs you weave.
The machinery in these canyons are Halo's primary firing mechanisms. They consist of three phase pulse generators that amplify Halo's signal and allow it to fire deep into space. The power levels are enormous I can't even begin to calculate the pulse's range.
Birth control, Ho Chi Minh, Richard Nixon back again. Moon shot, Woodstock, Watergate, punk rock. Begin, Reagan, Palestine, terror on the airline. Ayatollah's in Iran, Russians in Afghanistan. Wheel of Fortune, Sally Ride, heavy metal suicide. Foreign debts, homeless vets, AIDS, crack, Bernie Goetz. Hypodermics on the shores, China's under martial law, rock and roller cola wars, I can't take it anymore!
There are times, sir, when men of good conscience cannot blindly follow orders. You acknowledge their sentience, but ignore their personal liberties and freedom. Order a man to turn his child over to the state? Not while I'm his captain.
The growing concern for the continued survival of the Islamic ummah in a world increasingly dominated by Europe also found expression in the urban milieu of high Islam. Here, as in the tribal response, the emphasis was on the need for Muslims to acquire a proper understanding of the original principles of Islam so as to recover the spirit of solidarity and piety that had brought such triumph to the Prophet and his successors.
I know someday you'll have a beautiful life I know you'll be a star.
For thirty years, I've sailed the seas and seen good and bad, better and worse, fair weather and foul, provisions running out, knives going, and what not. Well, now I tell you, I never seen good come o' goodness yet. Him as strikes first is my fancy; dead men don't bite; them's my views - amen, so be it.
As domestic myth of unaccountable origin holds, a home borrows the spirit of the flame for as long as it makes a guest of it, much as the moon takes liberty with the sun's rays.
Keep drinking coffee, stare me down across the table while I look outside. So many things I'd say if only I were able, but I just keep quiet and count the cars that pass by.
I feel his presence. But he can also feel mine. He's come for me. He can feel it when I'm near. That's why I have to go. As long as I stay, I'm endangering the group and our mission. I have to face him.
This island of merchants is home to many valuable goods. While the sail must come first, do not feel limited to buying only it. Once you have it, feel free to stock up on anything else you think you may need. But remember: there is no time to play. Come back immediately as soon as your errands are done.
Be a Student of the Game. Like most cliches of sport, this is profound. You can be shaped, or you can be broken. There is not much in between. Try to learn. Be coachable. Try to learn from everybody, especially those who fail. This is hard. Peers who fizzle or blow up or fall down, run away, disappear from the monthly rankings, drop off the circuit.
All the girls in the world were divided into two classes: one class included all the girls in the world except her.
At last, we finally meet. I have something for you, Chancellor; a farewell gift. For all the things you've done, for the things you might have done, and for the only thing you have left.
All I could think of was that the teachers must've found the illegal stash of candy I'd been selling out of my dorms room. Or maybe they'd realised I got my essay on Tom Sawyer from the Internet without ever reading the book and now they were going to take away my grade. Or worse, they were going to make me read the book.
Be vewy vewy quiet, I'm hunting wabbits!, He-e-e-e-e!
Since the ninja is that being than which nothing sweeter can be conceived and that being exists in the mind and in reality, the ninja exists in reality.
Baby, what's it gonna hurt if they don't know, makin' everybody think that we're solo. Just as long as you know you got me, and boy I got ya, 'cause tonight I'm making deals with the devil, and I know it's gonna get me in trouble. Just as long as you know you got me.
Who, if I cried out, would hear me among the angels' hierarchies? And even if one of them pressed me suddenly against his heart: I would be consumed in that overwhelming existence. For beauty is nothing but the beginning of terror, which we still are just able to endure, and we are so awed because it serenely disdains to annihilate us.
Come sail your ships around me and burn your bridges down. We make a little history, baby, every time you come around. Come loose your dogs upon me and let your hair hang down. You are a little mystery to me every time you come around. We talk about it all night long, we define our moral ground. But when I crawl into your arms everything comes tumbling down.
Don't say you're happy out there without me. I know you can't be, 'cause it's no good.
So they stood at the edge of the woods while all the other kids filed past. Katherine shot Jonah a white-faced worried look as she walked by, but there was nothing she could do.
In a 32-bit world, you're a 2-bit user. You've got your own newsgroup, "alt.total-loser". Your motherboard melts when you try to send a fax. Where'd you get your CPU, in a box of Cracker Jacks? Play me online? Well, you know that I'll beat you. If I ever meet you I'll control-alt-delete you.
Aladeen: Hey, do you remember my favourite sports car? Nadal: You mean your Porsche? Aladeen: Yes... the 911. Nadal: 911, it's the best! Aladeen: So I was driving the 911 near the Palace one day... and I totally crashed! Aladeen: It's okay, I've already ordered a new one. A brand new 911 2012. Nadal: You know, while you are here, you should try to see some of the sights such as the Empire State Building and Yankee Stadium. Aladeen: And I'd love to see the fireworks over the Statue of Liberty. Nadal: Hey, have your old back problems been bothering you? Aladeen: Oh, it's been terrible! It got so bad that I made myself a back brace. Nadal: Really? Aladeen: Yes, look, I'm still wearing it. Aladeen: Hey, my English is getting good. I bet I can count down from five faster than you can! Aladeen and Nadal: Five, four, three, two, one!
You have to accept that sometimes that's how things happen in this world. People's opinions, their feelings, they go one way, then the other. It just so happens you grew up at a certain point in this process.
First in my class here at MIT. Got skills, I'm a champion of D&D. M.C. Escher, that's my favourite MC. Keep your 40, I'll just have an Earl Grey tea. My rims never spin. To the contrary, you'll find that they're quite stationary. All of my action figures are cherry. Stephen Hawking's in my library.
Yep, half a million people gathered together in peace and harmony, grooving to Joni and The Who. Hey, you know, if I hadn't gone, there would have only been 499,999 people.
I watched a bear once. His leg was in a steel trap. It chewed through bloody bone to get free. It was in Alaska. Died about an hour later facedown in a stream. But it was on his own terms, you know? You got close. Closer than anybody else. I don't know if it was you or your partner, but look. If you still feel raw about things when you heal up, come see me.
On the corner is a banker with a motorcar and little children laugh at him behind his back. And the banker never wears a mac in the pouring rain, very strange.
For the times when we're apart, well, then close your eyes and know these words are coming from my heart and then if you can remember in good times and bad times I'll be on your side forevermore.
All right, we're not doing this, gentlemen. We're not gonna do this. We're not gonna go bouncing off the walls for the next ten minutes, 'cause we're just gonna end up right back here with the same problems! Try to figure out how to stay alive!
I was long into my second decade of living single before I came to see my friends in the city for what they were: my personal community, my urban tribe.
You tell me exactly what you want, and I will very carefully explain to you why it cannot be.
Games are bad. They make you mad. Games are bad. They make you mad. Games are bad. They make you mad.
A gardener told me some plants move, but I could not believe it, 'til me and Hannah Hunt saw crawling vines and weeping willows as we made our way from Providence to Phoenix. A man of faith said hidden eyes could see what I was thinking. I just smiled and told him that was only true of Hannah, and we glided on through Waverley and Lincoln.
One key element of any society is its collection of statuses - the positions that individuals within the society occupy. When most of us hear the word status, we tend to associate it with rank or prestige. But here we're talking about a status as any socially defined position a person can occupy: cook, daughter, anthropologist, husband, computer nerd, electrician, Facebook friend, shoplifter, and so on.
Why shouldn't I work for the NSA? That's a tough one, but I'll take a shot. Say I'm working at NSA. Somebody puts a code on my desk, something nobody else can break. Maybe I take a shot at it and maybe I break it. And I'm real happy with myself, 'cause I did my job well. But maybe that code was the location of some rebel army in North Africa or the Middle East. Once they have that location, they bomb the village where the rebels were hiding and fifteen hundred people I never met, never had no problem with, get killed.
Contrary to the feminist cant, there are many things we can learn from men's perspective about life and personal identity. To refuse to learn anything that could prove beneficial to yourself is a working definition of stupid.
We've known each other for many years but this is the first time you've ever come to me for counsel or for help. I can't remember the last time you invited me to your house for a cup of coffee, even though my wife is Godmother to your only child. But, let's be frank here. You never wanted my friendship and you were afraid to be in my debt.
There is more to colour than a swatch in a book, or a pull down menu choice. Colour is the element closest to the client and audience's subjective identity. Like a volatile radioactive element, it is extremely powerful and should be handled very, very carefully.
Look at me. I'm 24 and I've never done anything. I have a worthless philosophy degree that's gotten me no further than a dead end retail job working for a mouth breather so I can continue to support my trailer park lifestyle. Do you think I sit around feeling sorry for myself?
Most of all I want to sleep. I want to sleep like I slept when I was a boy. Give me that. Just one time. That's why I won't allow that punk out there to get the best of me. Let alone the last of me.
Advertising is based on one thing: happiness. And you know what happiness is? Happiness is the smell of a new car. It's freedom from fear. It's a billboard on the side of the road that screams reassurance that whatever you are doing is okay. You are okay.
Comfortable, Mullet? It seems sadly ironic that it's that tie that's got you into this pickle. Now you just take all the time you want. You can play some music if you like.
We imagine that when we are thrown out of our usual ruts all is lost, but it is only then that what is new and good begins. While there is life there is happiness. There is much, much before us.
What do I do? System Architecture. Networking and Security. No one in this house can touch me on that. But does anyone appreciate that? While you were busy minoring in gender studies and singing acapella at Sarah Lawrence, I was getting root access to NSA servers. I was a click away from starting a second Iranian revolution. I prevent cross site scripting, I monitor for DDoS attacks, emergency database rollbacks, and faulty transaction handlings. The internet, heard of it? Transfers half a petabyte of data a minute, do you have any idaea how that happens?
Scientists hypothesise that Austronesians from the Philippines and what is now Indonesia began moving into Palau and Yap, possibly forced out by Malay tribes. As these small islands became full, people from these islands settled Chuuk, Pohnpei, and Kosrae over a period of hundreds of years.
The general who became a slave. The slave who became a gladiator. The gladiator who defied an emperor. Striking storey! But now, the people want to know how the storey ends. Only a famous death will do. And what could be more glorious than to challenge the Emperor himself in the great arena?
I have quit three jobs and been fired from all the rest. Getting fired, despite sometimes coming as a surprise and leaving you scrambling to recover, is often a godsend: someone else makes the decision for you, and it's impossible to sit in the wrong job for the rest of your life.
One man, one family driven from the land; this rusty car creaking along the highway to the west. I lost my land, a single tractor took my land. I am alone and bewildered.
We're knights of the Round Table, we dance whene'er we're able. We do routines and chorus scenes with footwork impeccable. We dine well here in Camelot. We eat ham and jam and Spam a lot.
I'm telling you that you've got a problem. And you do. Don't give me that stupefied look! It makes me look like you oughta be in diapers! Just listen, OK? I'm here to teach you what I know about this island.
I drew the blankets over my head and tried to think of Christmas. But the grey face still followed me. It murmured, and I understood that it desired to confess something.
In Newton's time it was possible for an educated person to have a grasp of the whole of human knowledge, at least in outline. But since then, the pace of the development of science has made this impossible. Because theories are always being changed to account for new observations, they are never properly digested or simplified so that ordinary people can understand them.
In that cell you found something that mattered more to you than life.
You will become way less concerned with what other people think of you when you realise how seldom they do.
Only those who know the supremacy of the intellectual life - the life which has a saeed of ennobling thought and purpose within - can understand the grief of one who falls from that serene activity into the absorbing soul-wasting struggle with worldly annoyances.
By venturing too close to the dragon's flame, you made an ash out of yourself.
She's safe, just like I promised. She's all set to marry Norrington, just like she promised. And you get to die for her, just like you promised. So we're all men of our word really... except for, of course, Elizabeth, who is in fact, a woman.
In the late 1960s, a growing number of people became concerned about the growing problems of pollution and the destruction of natural habitats. This movement led to the formation of groups like the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA). The primary goal of the environmental movement as a whole is to make sure that the environment is safe and intact for future generations to enjoy.
I've begun to realise that you can listen to silence and learn from it. It has a quality and a dimension all its own.
Neal was a felon. He was convicted on bond forgery. And as you can see in those files, he was suspected of doing a hell of a lot of other things. Yeah, Neal was a pain in the arse. So did somebody from that past want him dead? Maybe. But he also helped me clear a 93% conviction rate, and that makes enemies too.
Well, hey, I didn't spend all those years playing Dungeons and Dragons and not learn a little something about courage.
For as to what we have heard you affirm, that there are other kingdoms and states in the world inhabited by human creatures as large as yourself, our philosophers are in much doubt, and would rather conjecture that you dropped from the moon, or one of the stars; because it is certain, that a hundred mortals of your bulk would in a short time destroy all the fruits and cattle of his majesty's dominions: besides, our histories of six thousand moons make no mention of any other regions than the two great empires of Lilliput and Blefuscu.
Facts can be thought of as objective or subjective. Things and events are objective facts. A subjective fact is one that is limited to the subject experiencing it.
Situational awareness is key, and agents should not only be familiar with the tactical opportunities offered by their immediate environment, but how those opportunities can be exploited to their advantage with the appropriate equipment.
My friend, the panda will never fulfil his destiny, nor you yours until you let go of the illusion of control.
You are older than me. Do you still feel the pain of the scars that won't heal? Your eyes have died but you see more than I. You're a star in the face of the sky.
Ladies and gentlemen, Corrado Soprano is not some harmless old man being persecuted by the government, but a ruthless and calculating mob boss who controls a vast criminal enterprise. Over the past few months, you've heard from FBI agents who have documented clandestine meetings at his doctor's offices. Tales of bid rigging, sweetheart deals, secret payoffs, and even murder.
In Mexico, rural enclosures made Mexico City into the world's largest metropolis during the late twentieth century - a "monstrous inflated head, crushing the frail body that holds it up," in the words of writer Octavio Paz. Located in the densely populated, corn-growing central plateau, the capital was the natural destination for the millions of rural people uprooted by the high modernist green revolution and simultaneous federal neglect of the ejido sector. Yet rather than colonising the inner city, as rural migrants did in the United States, campesino refugees to Mexico City built vast squatter villages on the hilly outskirts of the Federal District.
With the coming of Dean Moriarty began the part of my life you could call my life on the road. Before that I'd often dreamt of going West to see the country, always vaguely planning and never taking off.
I saw a little rocky point ahead of me, as if made on purpose for a war correspondent. By running across some open ground I was on to it. There was good if not ample cover on the top. It was in the middle of the angle made by the line of advance of the men along the ridge and the line of the Devons' main advance, and quite close to the hill. Stretching away on our left over a level khaki-coloured sloping field (if I may so call it) of veldt, were the Devons lying behind ant-hills, placed as if on purpose to give scant but welcome shelter to troops advancing under fire.
The Aurors are part of the Rotfang Conspiracy, I thought everyone knew that. They're working from within to bring down the Ministry of Magic with a combination of dark magic and gum disease.
This is a modern day startup but at heart it is no different from PC pioneers like Apple or Microsoft: nerds who share a dream. Their hobby is their business and the culture they've created is identical to that of a thousand other technology companies. First, they dump the idaea of 9 to 5. In this industry, you can work any 80 hours per week you like.
Look man... I can't watch this. I can't take this torture no more, I can't... I can't watch this. Pay the bills, station break. Break it down! Operators are standing by. Cubic zirconium necklace. You're soaking in it. And our fabulous swimsuit issue. When you've got a headache this big. Read the book. This is your brain on drugs. I've fallen and I can't get up!
Rather, every one should believe with absolute faith in the precept of our Sages, of blessed memory: "And be humble of spirit before every man," without exception, for it is a true statement and a correct proverb that every man becomes better through his fellow. {Since every individual possesses specific qualities that others lack, the realisation by disparate people that in essence they comprise one whole, enables them all to be complemented and perfected by each other.}
I know Darth Vader's really got you annoyed but remember, if you kill him, then you'll be unemployed.
I was assailed by memories of a life that wasn't mine anymore, but one in which I'd found the simplest and most lasting joys: the smells of summer, the part of town I loved, a certain evening sky, Marie's dresses and the way she laughed.
Life can get pretty crazy at times. It can be hectic, confusing, stressful, and that's on a good day. Life can be full of happiness and full of sadness. One moment you're on top of the world and nothing can go wrong. The next, it feels as if nothing will ever be right again. I guess it depends where you are right now on your ride through life whether you smile when you read this or fight back tears.
Give not thyself up, then, to fire, lest it invert thee, deaden thee, as for the time it did me. There is a wisdom that is woe; but there is a woe that is madness.
Oh, what sad times are these when passing ruffians can say Ni at will to old ladies. There is a pestilence upon this land, nothing is sacred. Even those who arrange and design shrubberies are under considerable economic stress in this period in history.
Come and hold my hand. I want to contact the living. Not sure I understand this role I've been given. I sit and talk to God and he just laughs at my plans. My head speaks a language I don't understand.
Is that what your little note says? It must be hard living your life off a couple of scraps of paper.
People get ready, there's a train coming. You don't need no baggage, you just get on board. All you need is faith to hear the diesels humming. Don't need no ticket, you just thank the Lord.
I wish that strife would vanish away from among gods and mortals, and gall, which makes a man grow angry for all his great mind, that gall of anger that swarms like smoke inside of a man's heart and becomes a thing sweeter to him by far than the dripping of honey.
Remember that all the people in this world haven't had the advantages that you've had.
I know enough of the world now to have almost lost the capacity of being much surprised by anything.
Slade: Who are you? Osama Bin Laden's best friend? Aladeen: No, he is not my best friend. Although he has been staying in my guest house ever since they shot his double last year. Now the guy won't leave. I now know why this guy is the most hated man in the world. You just have to go to the bathroom after him. You go to the bathroom after Osama, you will realise the true meaning of terrorism.
Notoriety, for whatever reason, never seems to benefit the noted, only the notees.
Look, I run a show here. It's a lot of smoke and noise and it's strictly for the suckers. I've been pulling one kind of scam or another since I was your age, and if there's one thing I know it's how to spot the genuine article because that's what you've got to watch out for. Not the cops, you can always get around the cops. But the one thing you can never, ever get around is the genuine article, and you, kid, are the genuine article.
I had been right, I was still right, I was always right. I had lived my life one way and I could just as well have lived it another. I had done this and I hadn't done that. I hadn't done this thing but I had done another.
Through intensive training and psychological manipulation, an elite team of fanatic followers can be trained to sacrifice even their own lives to accomplish a given mission.
We'll use a process that I discovered called gene targeting. The strongest soldiers don't become what they are by acquiring their skills through training or experience, we now know that hereditary factors are far more crucial for creating superior soldiers.
Using the laser guide, you can steer your rocket past the gunship defences and prevent it from shooting down your rocket. This will only anger it at first. But if you can survive long enough to make several direct hits, you will be rewarded with a prise worthy of any mantle piece.
Why study science? Science, more than any other discipline, provides us with tools to learn about the world. Science is not a listing of facts; science is an invitation to observe the world, ask questions, and puzzle over problems and enjoy the process of solving them. From the time children begin to perceive their environment, they are involved in science.
Dragged ya down below, down to the devil's show to be his guest forever; peace of mind is less than never. Hate to twist your mind but God ain't on your side. An old acquaintance severed, burn the world your last endeavour.
Now, men, in conclusion, I would like to say that, in the two years it has been my privilege to be your commanding officer, I have always expected the best from you, and you have never given me anything less than that. Today, the nation is counting on us. We're not going to let them down. Good luck to you all.
She told me don't worry about it. She told me don't worry no more. We both know we can't go without it. She told me you'll never be alone.
Because here's something else that's weird but true: in the day-to-day trenches of adult life, there is actually no such thing as atheism. There is no such thing as not worshipping. Everybody worships. The only choice we get is what to worship.
I don't believe in an interventionist God, but I know, darling, that you do. But if I did I would kneel down and ask him not to intervene when it came to you. Not to touch a hair on your head, to leave you as you are, and if he felt he had to direct you, then direct you into my arms.
I kissed her cheek as she turned it to me. I think I would have gone through a great deal to kiss her cheek. But, I felt that the kiss was given to the coarse common boy as a piece of money might have been, and that it was worth nothing.
It is part of the human nature always to judge others very severely and when the wind turns against us, always to find an excuse for our own misdeeds or to blame someone else for our mistakes.
Bless me father, for I have really sinned. Really. I'm not kidding here. Big sinner.
For me, Halloween is the best holiday in the world. It even beats Christmas. I get to dress up in a costume. I get to wear a mask. I get to go around like every other kid with a mask and nobody thinks I look weird. Nobody takes a second look. Nobody notices me. Nobody knows me. I wish every day could be Halloween. We could all wear masks all the time. Then we could walk around and get to know each other before we got to see what we looked like under the masks.
Unbeknownst to most students of psychology, Pavlov's first experiment was to ring a bell and cause his dog to attack Freud's cat.
Do you smell that? Napalm, son. Nothing else in the world smells like that. I love the smell of napalm in the morning. You know, one time we had a hill bombed, for twelve hours. Smelled like victory. Someday this war's gonna end.
I wish I was like you, easily amused. Find my nest of salt. Everything is my fault. I'll take all the blame. Aqua seafoam shame. Sunburn with freezer burn. Choking on the ashes of her enemy. In the sun. In the sun I feel as one. In the sun. In the sun. Married, married, married! Buried!
Hey, mom! It's Russell Hammond. I play guitar in Stillwater. Hey, how does it feel to be the mother of the greatest rock journalist we've met? Hello? Hello...? Look, you've got a really great kid here. There's nothing to worry about. We're taking good care of him, and you should come to the show sometime - join the circus...
Let me say that I swear, on the souls of my grandchildren, that I will not be the one to break the peace we have made here today.
Question marks and exclamation points go inside quotation marks when they apply to the quoted material only. They go outside when they apply to the entire sentence.
And even though the moment passed me by, I still can't turn away. 'Cause all the dreams you never thought you'd lose got tossed along the way. And letters that you never meant to send got lost or thrown away. And now we're grown up orphans that never knew their names. We don't belong to no one; that's a shame. If you could hide inside me, maybe for a while, and I won't tell no one your name.
"When there's gunshots, there's bound to be bullets."
She seemed to know, to accept, to welcome her position, the citadel of the family, the strong place that could not be taken.
Just as there are painters and musicians among the poets, so there are poets and painters among the musicians. They become clearly distinguished from each other in proportion as the "other artist" is able to assert himself in their conceptions.
A life is made up of a great number of small incidents and a small number of great ones. An autobiography must therefore, unless it is to become tedious, be extremely selective, discarding all the inconsequential incidents in one's life and concentrating upon those that have remained vivid in the memory.
I'm so glad you came, I'm so glad you remembered, the walking through walls in the heart of December. The blindness of happiness, of falling down laughing, and I really believed that this time was forever.
You can't treat the working man this way! One of these days we'll form a union, and get the fair and equitable treatment we deserve! Then we'll go too far, and become corrupt and shiftless, and the Japanese will eat us alive!
But I'm glad you'll see me as I am. Above all, I wouldn't want people to think that I want to prove anything. I don't want to prove anything, I just want to live; to cause no evil to anyone but myself. I have that right, haven't I?
I am only here because I owe Leslie a thousand favours. I'm not big on charities. Give a man a fish and you feed him for a day, don't teach a man to fish and you feed yourself. He's a grown man - fishing is not that hard.
As customers of all races, nationalities, and cultures visit the Dekalb Farmers Market by the thousands, I doubt that many stand in awe and contemplate the meaning of its existence. But in the capital of the Sunbelt South, the quiet revolution of immigration and food continues to upset and redefine the meanings of local, regional, and global identity.
Ideology: the process of making ideas. Certain artisans were chosen for this occupation at an early age and were trained in mental workhouses or asylums. They were known as idealists, and were expected to provide a fixed number of ideas to be exhibited or dramatised for the benefit of the public.
The storey of his career shows that Augustus was indeed ruthless, cruel, and ambitious for himself. This was only in part a personal trait, for upper-class Romans were educated to compete with one another and to excel. However, he combined an overriding concern for his personal interests with a deep-seated patriotism, based on a nostalgia of Rome's antique virtues.
Each man is tortured by this dream, but the dream gives meaning to his life. Even if the dream ruins his life, man cannot allow himself to leave it behind.
We don't believe what's on TV. Because it's what we want to see. And what we want we know we can't believe. We have all learnt to kill our dreams. I need to know. That when I fail you'll still be here. 'Cause if you stick around, I'll sing you pretty sounds and we'll make money selling your hair.
Tis but thy name that is my enemy. Thou art thyself, though not a Montague. What's Montague? It is nor hand, nor foot, nor arm, nor face, nor any other part belonging to a man. O, be some other name! What's in a name? That, which we call a rose by any other word would smell as sweet.
Monotony collapses time; novelty unfolds it. You can exercise daily and eat healthily and live a long life, while experiencing a short one. If you spend your life sitting in a cubicle and passing papers, one day is bound to blend unmemorably into the next - and disappear. That's why it's so important to change routines regularly, and take vacations to exotic locales, and have as many new experiences as possible that can serve to anchor our memories. Creating new memories stretches out psychological time, and lengthens our perception of our lives.
Everyone around, love them. Put it in your hands, take it. There's no time to cry, happy. Put it in your heart where tomorrow shines.
The silvery cylinder burst forth in a fiery column of smoke and flame racing the very wind as it soared into the sky, a messenger of these Rocket Boys of Big Creek. These boys use their brains, not brawn, who play not football but with Apollo's fire.
As if that blind rage had washed me clean, rid me of hope; for the first time, in that night alive with signs and stars, I opened myself to the gentle indifference of the world. Finding it so much like myself, I felt that I had been happy and that I was happy again.
The mark of the immature man is that he wants to die nobly for a cause, while the mark of the mature man is that he wants to live humbly for one.
I found out the way your mind works and the kind of man you are. I know your plans and expectations - you've burbled every bit of strategy you've got. I know exactly what you will do and exactly what you won't and I've told you exactly nothing. To these aged eyes, boy, that's what winning looks like!
How can you say I go about things the wrong way? I am human and I need to be loved just like everybody else does.
Subdivisions in the high school halls. In the shopping malls. Conform or be cast out. Subdivisions in the basement bars. In the backs of cars. Be cool or be cast out. Any escape might help to soothe the unattractive truth but the suburbs have no charms to soothe the restless dreams of youth.
Why, if I had a brain I could... I could wile away the hours, conferrin' with the flowers, consultin' with the rain. And my head I'd be scratchin' while my thoughts were busy hatchin' if I only had a brain.
You know, I really think I can put together a great Thanksgiving dinner. This'll be the second one that I've cooked, and believe me, the first one was not the disaster that my family said it was. Those kids had a pretty good time in that ambulance.
Many rivers to cross but I can't seem to find my way over. Wandering, I am lost as I travel along the white cliffs of Dover. Many rivers to cross and it's only my will that keeps me alive. I've been licked, washed up for years, and I merely survive because of my pride.
Let's say life is this square of the sidewalk. We're born at this crack and we die at that crack. Now we find ourselves somewhere inside the square, and in the process of walking out of it, suddenly we realise our time in here is fleeting. Is our quick experience here pointless? Does anything we say or do in here really matter? Have we done anything important? Have we been happy? Have we made the most of these precious footsteps?
If you're wondering how he eats and breathes and other science facts then repeat to yourself "It's just a show, I should really just relax" for Mystery Science Theatre 3000.
There's a feeling I get when I look to the west and my spirit is crying for leaving. In my thoughts I have seen rings of smoke through the trees and the voices of those who stand looking.
I also thought about my wife, the most important person in my life, who has stuck to me over many hardships and hurdles. But somehow we made it. My wife has been the most adorable person, a friend closest in my life, a most wonderful lover. We loved every minute of our lives together.
I set my ATM card's number to "0001" because I'm number one!
It is the easiest thing in the world for a man to look as if he had a great secret in him.
This is a promise with a catch. Only if you're looking can it find you. 'Cause true love is searching too. But how can it recognise you unless you step out into the light? Don't be sad, I know you will be, but don't give until true love will find you in the end.
Right, I am going to tell you how this works. You're going in the drink and I am going to make a cup of tea. Underneath the floor boards is the famous river Thames. I hope for your sakes you can hold your breath for as long as it takes to boil that kettle. After that, I am going to ask you a question, one question. You are going to give me a name and if it's the right name, I send you home warm and dry in a fresh set of clothes. If it's the wrong name, you'll be fed to the crayfish.
Sprawling on the fringes of the city in geometric order. An insulated border in between the bright lights and the far unlit unknown. Growing up it all seems so one-sided. Opinions all provided. The future predecided. Detached and subdivided in the mass production zone. Nowhere is the dreamer or the misfit so alone.
Break my heart. Break it a thousand times if you like. It was only ever yours to break anyway.
You know I hate, detest, and can't bear a lie, not because I am straighter than the rest of us, but simply because it appals me. There is a taint of death, a flavour of mortality in lies - which is exactly what I hate and detest in the world - what I want to forget.
The Greeks and the Romans provided a model of democracy, which I don't need to tell you the framers of our own Constitution used as their inspiration. But more to the point I would think when the boys read Plato, Aristotle, Cicero, Julius Caesar even, they're put in direct contact with men who in their own age exemplified the highest standards of statesmanship, of civic virtue, character, conviction.
Big wheels keep on turning. Carry me home to see my kin. Singing songs about the south-land. I miss 'ole' 'bamy once again and I think it's a sin, yes.
I love the ground under his feet, and the air over his head, and everything he touches and every word he says. I love all his looks, and all his actions and him entirely and all together.
One just can't imagine what prison is like from outside. You think, well, there'd be lots of time to think and read, it wouldn't be too bad. But it is too bad. It's the slowness of time. I'll swear. All the clocks in the world have gone centuries slower since I came here.
I think it's good that we talk. I have a problem. Now I have to find out if it is my problem or your problem.
If one must drink, then let one drink thrice a month, for more is bad. If one gets drunk twice a month, it is better; if one gets drunk once a month, that is better still; and if one doesn't drink at all, that is the best of all.
Always do your best - your best is going to change from moment to moment; it will be different when you are healthy as opposed to sick. Under any circumstance, simply do your best.
Come on, all the long distance lines are down? What about the satellite? Is it snowing in space? Don't you have some kind of a line that you keep open for emergencies or for celebrities? I'm both. I'm a celebrity in an emergency.
Every time I think of you I feel shot right through with a bolt of blue. It's no problem of mine but it's a problem I find, living a life that I can't leave behind. There's no sense in telling me the wisdom of a fool won't set you free. But that's the way that it goes, and it's what nobody knows, while every day my confusion grows.
It takes a great deal of bravery to stand up to our enemies, but just as much to stand up to our friends.
Leslie needs to butt out. The whole point of this country is if you want to eat garbage, balloon up to 600 pounds, and die of a heart attack at 43, you can. You are free to do so. To me, that's beautiful.
Ever since the dawn of civilisation, people have not been content to see events as unconnected and inexplicable. They have craved an understanding of the underlying order in the world. Today we still yearn to know why we are here and where we came from. Humanity's deepest desire for knowledge is justification enough for our continuing quest. And our goal is nothing less than a complete description of the universe we live in.
Screens and sticky fly-paper have their places and give some little relief in a well-kept house. But of what use is it to protect your food after it has entered your home if in the stores, in the market place, in the dairy barn, or dairy waggon, in the grocers' and butchers' cart, it has been exposed to contamination by hundreds of flies that have visited it.
Do you realise that more people will be watching you tonight than all those who have seen theatre plays in the last forty years?
The point is that if you are a little different, or a little outrageous, or if you do things that are bold or controversial, the press is going to write about you.
There's a piece of Maria in every song that I sing. And the price of a memory is the memory of the sorrow it brings. And there is always one last light to turn out and one last bell to ring. And the last one out of the circus has to lock up everything.
I know you didn't do this. You're a good boy. But I want you to help me with this. This is serious. One of your brothers could've burned the house down, and for that he will be severely punished. But the one who helps me will be a happy little boy, and I want that to be you. Because you've always been the best one. You've always been the best one. You have always been the best one.
If you spend too much time trying to find out what is good or bad about someone else, you'll forget your own soul and end up exhausted and defeated by the energy you have wasted in judging others.
What incensed him the most was the blatant jokes of the ones that passed it all off as a jest, pretending to understand everything and in reality not knowing their own minds.
It's the wanting you, never getting you. Keeps me wanting you, missing you. Just to picture you is what gets me through. Your light shines so bright it's like two stars colliding. We'll only survive if we fight it, don't fight it. You belong to me but I belong to them, who do I give me to, who do I let win?
Fluoridation is the most monstrously conceived and dangerous communist plot we have ever had to face.
No one I think is in my tree, I mean it must be high or low. That is, you know, you can't tune it. But it's all right, that is, I think it's not too bad.
Sometimes, when you meet a new operative, it's a good idaea to open with an aggressive move. You learn about people when you make them play defence: their reflexes, weaknesses, how they handle themselves under pressure. And even if they are able to counter, it never hurts to know how far they're willing to go.
You couldn't bring yourself to kill me before and I don't believe you'll destroy me now.
Monsters are closing in! Throw your pack against them and push them back into the cage! A hostage will be slowly lowered into the flames! To save the day, you must hit the blue light, to raise the rope. Defeat all monsters before the hostage's goose is cooked!
There's a side to you that I never knew. All the things you'd say, they were never true. And the games you play you would always win.
Have you ever tried to indulge an all-consuming urge to kill when you don't have opposable thumbs? Or hands? Or anything other than a bread slot?
When I was a kid, you never saw radicchio in the produce section, or a half dozen different kinds of mushrooms, or kiwis and passion fruit and durians and mangoes.
Tatum used a special device to elongate his descending pentatonic runs, to sustain them over longer groups of bars. In addition to inserting descending chromatic connective tones, he also inserted some ascending skips (usually fourths, fifths, or sixths), followed by a descending skip landing a whole-step below any of the tones of the pentatonic run he was using. In this way, he was able to "gain" some ground, and was then ready to play another portion of the descending pentatonic run.
Taran of Caer Dallben, do you have any idaea what you're saying? Has the flame of Dyrnwyn scorched your wits?
A great teacher has little external history to record. His life goes over into other lives. These men are pillars in the intimate structure of our schools. They are more essential than its stones or beams and they will continue to be a kindling force and a revealing power in our lives.
Robbers never strike at the homes of the poor; private wealth does not benefit the entire nation. Calamity has its source in the accumulated riches of a few, people who lose their souls for ten thousand coins.
The only problem with the treatment was that it worked too well. You became unable to express any anger at all. From that point on, any time you felt angry, you could only respond with a string of nonsensical jabbering.
New thoughts and hopes were whirling through my mind, and all the colours of my life were changing.
So it's all come back round to breaking apart again. Breaking apart like I'm made up of glass again.
I know that the idaea of raising well-rounded, smarter kids can be daunting. And sadly, no easy formula exists. Kids are as complex, varied, and exciting individuals as you are. The good news is that your child has a natural desire to do well. Your job as parent is to bring out this quality and cherish it until the day your kids leave home, and then some.
You were as blind to Him as your footprints in the ashes, but He saw you. He saw you in those dark corners. He heard you - oh my brothers - He heard those thoughts. You are a stranger to yourself, and yet He knows you. And when your hard heart made you like unto the stone and broke you from His body, which is the stars and the wind between the stars, He knew you. This world is a veil, and the face you wear is not your own. Your sorrows pin you to this place; they divide you from what your heart knows.
When I lay with you I could stay there. Close my eyes, feel you here forever. You and me together, nothing gets better. I set fire to the rain, watched it pour as I touched your face. Well, it burned while I cried, cause I heard it screaming out your name.
He got the action, he got the motion. Oh yeah, the boy can play. Dedication, devotion, turning all the night time into the day.
D'Artagnan continued: 'Before God and men I charge this woman with having tried to poison me with wine which she sent from Villeroy with a forged letter, written to make me believe the wine came from my friends. God protected me, but another died in my place, a man named Brisemont.' Porthos and Aramis replied again: 'We bear witness to that.' 'Before God and men,' continued d'Artagnan, 'I further charge this woman with having incited me to murder the Comte dae Wardes. No one present can bear witness to this charge, but I myself swear to the truth of it. That is the sum of my charges against this woman.' So saying d'Artagnan went and stood beside Porthos and Aramis in the corner of the room.
I don't want to go in there. He's a dangerous bastard. Taken too many disco biscuits in the heat of Russian disputations. He's got as many of these nuts as he has those nuts.
I am sitting in the morning at the diner on the corner. I am waiting at the counter for the man to pour the coffee and he fills it only halfway. Before I even argue he is looking out the window at somebody coming in.
And I don't believe in the existence of angels but looking at you I wonder if that's true. But if I did I would summon them together, and ask them to watch over you. To each burn a candle for you, to make bright and clear your path. And to walk, like Christ, in grace and love and guide you into my arms.
Caddie got the box and set it on the floor and opened it. It was full of stars. When I was still, they were still. When I moved, they glinted and sparkled. I hushed.
No visitors allowed by decree of the Big Bob-omb. I shall never surrender my stars. They hold the power of the castle in their glow. They were a gift from Bowser, the King Koopa himself. They lie well hidden in my realm. Not a whisper of their whereabouts shall leave my lips. Oh, all right, perhaps just a hint: heed the Star names at the beginning of the course.
There are certain queer times and occasions in this strange mixed affair we call life when a man takes this whole universe for a vast practical joke, though the wit thereof he but dimly discerns, and more than suspects that the joke is at nobody's expense but his own.
Do you buy all these books retail or do you send away for like a shrink kit that comes with all these volumes included?
And his dad's smile faded just a bit - the prodigy could read, but he could not see. And if only Colin had known that he was missing a piece, that his inability to see himself in the storey of a circle was an unfixable problem, he might have known that the rest of the world would catch up with him as time passed.
So what's in this for you? Should you rush out in search of a mission? Should you quit your job and find a goal? Probably not. But look around you. You may be on a mission, and not realise it yet. These are the good old days you'll look back on with pride. You might as well enjoy it now.
Owners of dogs will have noticed that, if you provide them with food and water and shelter and affection, they will think you are god. Whereas owners of cats are compelled to realise that, if you provide them with food and water and shelter and affection, they draw the conclusion that they are gods.
A zealot might be, for instance, an individual with a personal motive for revenge so overpowering that it ensures complete dedication to the cause. Or, through intensive training and psychological manipulation, an elite team of fanatic followers can be trained to sacrifice even their own lives to accomplish a given mission.
How sweet it is to love someone, how right it is to care. How long it's been since yesterday, what about tomorrow, and what about our dreams and all the memories we share?
The pleasure of rooting for Goliath is that you can expect to win. The pleasure of rooting for David is that, while you don't know what to expect, you stand at least a chance of being inspired.
They had their faces twisted toward their haunches and found it necessary to walk backward, because they could not see ahead of them. And since he wanted so to see ahead, he looks behind and walks a backward path.
The moments that define lives aren't always obvious. They don't scream LEDGE, and nine times out of ten there's no rope to duck under, no line to cross, no blood pact, no official letter on fancy paper. They aren't always protracted, heavy with meaning. Between one sip and the next, Victor made the biggest mistake of his life, and it was made of nothing more than one line. Three small words. "I'll go first."
They are important, you understand, without being interesting. Indeed, I have found that it is usually in unimportant matters that there is a field for the observation, and for the quick analysis of cause and effect which gives the charm to an investigation. The larger crimes are apt to be the simpler, for the bigger the crime the more obvious, as a rule, is the motive.
Flock composition is determined by the objectives of the poultry enterprise. In Nigeria for example, the preference is for the smooth-feathered, multicoloured native chickens or Muscovy ducks. Multicoloured feathers serve as camouflage for scavenging birds against predators, including birds of prey, which can more easily see solid colours (especially white).
I'm waking up to sweat and dust I wipe my brow and I sweat my rust, I'm breathing in, the chemicals.
Underneath the bridge the tarp has sprung a leak and the animals I've trapped have all become my pets and I'm living off of grass and the drippings from the ceiling but it's okay to eat fish 'cause they don't have any feelings.
Look, Daddy. Teacher says, every time a bell rings an angel gets his wings.
There were several answers, none of which would help. There was no point in assuring his terrified wife that Joe Van Dorn was the steadiest of men in a gunfight, ever cool, alert, and deadly.
So here I am, at probably the worst school in the country. Whose alumni are nothing but arms dealers, serial killers, and corporate lawyers. Real scum. And that old creep thinks he can tame me? We shall see, my friend. I only give people what they have coming to them.
I don't think I've ever been to an appointment in my life where I wanted the other guy to show up.
In a business like this the people with the power are the ones that have the understanding of what's going on, not necessarily the ones on top.
And as I was sayin', whoever controls the high ground of space controls the world. The Roman Empire controlled the world because it could build roads. Later, the British Empire was dominant because they had ships. In the air stage, we were powerful because we had the aeroplane. And now the Communists have established a foothold in outer space. Pretty soon they'll have damned space platforms so they can drop nuclear bombs on us, like rocks from a highway overpass. Now how in the hell did they ever get ahead of us?
There's a sort of evil out there. Something very, very strange in these old woods. Call it what you want. A darkness, a presence. It takes many forms but it's been out there for as long as anyone can remember and we've always been here to fight it.
I have not much hope that Gollum can be cured before he dies, but there is a chance of it. And he is bound up with the fate of the Ring. My heart tells me that he has some part to play yet, for good or ill, before the end; and when that comes, the pity of Bilbo may rule the fate of many - yours not least.
Are you telling me that not only did you invent a secret plan to fight inflation but now you don't support it?
Skin against skin, blood and bone, you're all by yourself but you're not alone. You wanted in and now you're here, driven by hate, consumed by fear.
Warmer water increases the moisture content of storms, and warmer air holds more moisture. When storm conditions trigger a downpour, more of it falls in the form of big, one-time rainfalls and snowfalls. Partly as a result, the number of large flood events has increased decade by decade, on every continent.
"We have clearance, Clarence." "Roger, Roger. What's our vector, Victor?"
Some tourists think Amsterdam is a city of sin, but in truth it is a city of freedom. And in freedom, most people find sin.
Plato is always concerned to advocate views that will make people what he thinks virtuous; he is hardly ever intellectually honest, because he allows himself to judge doctrines by their social consequences.
Now they talk about absorption in cosmopolitan proportions to their daughters as they speak of child prevention and immaculate receptions on their portable Sony entertainment centres. Heard the neighbour slam his car door. Don't he realise this is respectable street?
Do you know what they call a Quarter-pounder with cheese in France? Royale with cheese. Do you know why they call it a Royale with cheese? Because of the metric system.
She was calling to him, inviting him murmuring in his ear. Exactly so. They would jump together. He was with her now, peering into an abyss, and they saw how the scree plunged down through the cloud cover. Hand in hand, they would fall backwards.
To drive out of the Central Valley of California on a hot day and into San Francisco is to feel like you're landing on another planet. Over our two-hour drive, the temperature went from nearly a hundred to the middle sixties.
There are two places on Earth that serve as canaries in the coal mine - regions that are especially sensitive to the effects of global warming. The first is the Arctic. The second is the Antarctic.
A man may fish with the worm that hath eat of a king, and eat of the fish that hath fed of that worm.
Oh, it doesn't matter what they say in the papers 'cause it's always been the same old scene. There's a new band in town, but you can't get the sound from a storey in a magazine aimed at your average teen.
Is it possible, I wonder, to study a bird so closely, to observe and catalogue its peculiarities in such a minute detail, that it becomes invisible? Is it possible that while fastidiously calibrating the span of its wings or the length of its tarsus, we somehow lose sight of its poetry? That in our pedestrian descriptions of a marbled or vermiculated plumage we forfeit a glimpse of living canvases, cascades of carefully toned browns and golds that would shame Kandinsky, misty explosions of colour to rival Monet?
There was a little boy once upon a time who in spite of his young age and small size knew his mind. For every copper penny and clover he would find, he'd make a wish for better days and the end of hard times.
Let me tell you a storey. In 1999, Google was a little startup, just like we are. And when they started bringing in chefs and masseuses, we thought, "They're nuts!" But they were attracting the best possible people, and they were able to create the best product, and now they're worth over 400 billion dollars. And do you know the name of that company?
I didn't ask for this role, but I'll play it. Now go do your best. Be bold, and mighty forces will come to your aid. Goethe said that. It's not too late for you to become a person of substance, Russell. Please get my son home safely. You know, I'm glad we spoke.
No man's life can be encompassed in one telling. There is no way to give each year its allotted weight, to include each event, each person who helped to shape a lifetime. What can be done is to be faithful in spirit to the record and try to find one's way to the heart of the man...
For the sake of all that we ourselves hold dear, is it unthinkable that we should refuse to meet the challenge? It is to this high purpose that I now call my people at home, and my peoples across the seas, who will make our cause their own. I ask them to stand calm and firm and united in this time of trial. The task will be hard. There may be dark days ahead, and war can no longer be confined to the battlefield, but we can only do the right as we see the right, and reverently commit our cause to God. If one and all we keep resolutely faithful to it, then, with God's help, we shall prevail.
Whose fault is it that things ended up like this? Coincidence? An accident? Fate? There's no such thing as fate. It's simply a combination of one circumstance and the next. And who is it that creates those circumstances? Who is it? It's you.
I think the world divides neatly into those who are excited by the managed induction of terror and those who are not. I do not find terror exciting. I find it terrifying. One of my basic goals is to subject my nervous system to as little total terror as possible. The cruel paradox of course is that this kind of makeup usually goes hand in hand with a delicate nervous system that's extremely easy to terrify.
Who is Keyser Soze? He is supposed to be Turkish. Some say his father was German. Nobody believed he was real. Nobody ever saw him or knew anybody that ever worked directly for him, but to hear Kobayashi tell it, anybody could have worked for Soze. You never knew. That was his power. The greatest trick the Devil ever pulled was convincing the world he didn't exist.
My milkshake brings all the boys to the yard, and they're like: it's better than yours. Damn right it's better than yours. I can teach you, but I have to charge.
But speculations on the structure of the universe also move in quite another direction. The development of non-Euclidean geometry led to the recognition of the fact, that we can cast doubt on the infiniteness of our space without coming into conflict with the laws of thought or with experience.
My own brother, Aberforth, was prosecuted for practising inappropriate charms on a goat. It was all over the papers, but did Aberforth hide? No, he did not! He held his head high and went about his business as usual! Of course, I'm not entirely sure he can read, so that may not have been bravery.
I want this mark all the way back to Earth with time to spare. We've never lost an American in space, we're sure as hell not gonna lose one on my watch. Failure is not an option!
That person tried to send poison to you and if you take it personally, then you take that poison and it becomes yours.
Teachers never die. They live in your memory forever. They were there when you arrived; they were there when you left. Like fixtures. Once in a while they taught you something. But not that often. And you never really knew them any more than they knew you. Still for a while you believed in them. And if you were lucky maybe there was one who believed in you.
For once in my life I won't let sorrow hurt me, not like it's hurt me before. For once I have someone I know won't desert me. I'm not alone anymore.
We fight every night for something. When the sun sets, we're both the same. Half in the shadows, half burned in flames. We can't look back for nothing. Take what you need, say your goodbyes. I gave you everything and it's a beautiful crime.
Dear Slim, you still ain't called or wrote, I hope you have a chance. I ain't mad, I just think it's messed up you don't answer fans. If you didn't want to talk to me outside the concert you didn't have to, but you could've signed an autograph for Matthew. That's my little brother, man, he's only six years old. We waited in the blistering cold for you for four hours, and you just said no.
Respect was invented to cover the empty place where love should be.
Now, you want it, Nick, you buy it. - What else do I get with it? - You get a gold-plated Rolls Royce, as long as you pay for it. - Don't know, Tom, seems expensive...
Monday, 2:20 PM. This conundrum is burning a hole in my brain. Think logically. I mean, Sheila is professional and meticulous and wonderfully anal, and if she says that nothing gets misplaced in her inner sanctum then I believe her. Which leaves the national security option: is Mike Ross CIA? Please. There's a better chance that Esther's in the KGB.
Ladies and gentlemen, boys and girls, contrary to what you've just seen, war is neither glamorous nor fun. There are no winners, only losers. There are no good wars, with the following exceptions: The American Revolution, World War II, and the Star Wars trilogy. If you'd like to learn more about war, there's lots of books in your local library, many of them with cool, gory pictures. Well, good night, everybody! Peace, man.
Then one day I knew I had to come back here. I had to come back and get on the merry-go-round and eat cotton candy and listen to a band concert. Just stop and breathe and close my eyes and smell and listen.
On a personal note, his death is very sad. But on a professional level, it's untenable. I've been reviewing his files. He was pursuing a number of extremely dubious positions. Are you aware that we own a 30 million dollar ostrich farm in Morocco, or that we are the majority stakeholders in three companies that specialise in invisibility? This box is filled with napkins covered with notes detailing Peter's conviction that genetically-modified cranberry fungus would become the next cotton.
Up ahead they's a thousan' lives we might live, but when it comes it'll on'y be one.
Yes, well, those pressures are everywhere in everyone, urging him to what you call savagery. The private hells, the inner needs and mysteries, the beast of instinct. As human beings, that is the way it is. To be human is to be complex. You can't avoid a little ugliness from within and from without.
There will be today, there will be tomorrow, there will be always, and there was yesterday, and there was the day before.
And I forget just why I taste. Oh yeah, I guess it makes me smile. I found it hard, it's hard to find. Oh well, whatever, never mind.
Beautiful railway bridge of the silv'ry Tay. Alas! I am very sorry to say that ninety lives have been taken away on the last sabbath day of 1879, which will be remember'd for a very long time.
I say to man in shop "Is rat." He say "No, no, no. Is a special kind of hamster. Is filigree Siberian hamster." Only one in shop. He make special price: only five pound.
I've got to get up in the morning and spend some more money on my overpriced education.
If you challenge the conventional wisdom, you will find ways to do things much better than they are currently done.
I can and do say that nothing human beings have ever before attempted in the entire nutty history of the race even approaches this in absolute fascination. When I first understood what this project is about I didn't sleep for two nights, and I don't mean in the usual way; I mean I literally did not sleep.
Pause you who read this, and think for a moment of the long chain of iron or gold, of thorns or flowers, that would never have bound you, but for the formation of the first link on one memorable day.
It's so easy to hate your brother, it should be hard. It's so easy to hate your friends. Why ain't it hard? Love and hate come in the deck together. Play your card, love or hate can rule your life forever.
A total of twenty-five friends were headed from San Francisco across the Sierra toward our rendezvous in the Black Rock Desert that day. Significantly absent among them was Julia, my girlfriend at the time. We were all in our late twenties or early-to-middle thirties, yet none had found brides or husbands. Although we were all older than our parents were when they had us, the idaea of having children ourselves still seemed a far-off abstraction.
We'll dispose of these mementos when we're done here. That way you won't be confused by their unexplainable presence in your home.
I am, somehow, less interested in the weight and convolutions of Einstein's brain than in the near certainty that people of equal talent have lived and died in cotton fields and sweatshops.
I mean that tonight you've made me ashamed of every concept I ever had of superior or inferior beings. But I thank you for that shame, because now I know that we are each of us a separate human being, Brandon, with the right to live and work and think as individuals, but with an obligation to the society we live in.
Air-conditioned, odourless, illuminated by buzzing fluorescent tubes, the American supermarket doesn't present itself as having very much to do with Nature. And yet what is this place if not a landscape (manmade, it's true) teeming with plants and animals?
This is what happens when an unstoppable force meets an immovable object.
Yet you have never been there. You have not seen what it has become. I am dying, Maximus. When a man sees his end... he wants to know there was some purpose to his life. How will the world speak my name in years to come? Will I be known as the philosopher? The warrior? The tyrant...? Or will I be the emperor who gave Rome back her true self? There was once a dream that was Rome. You could only whisper it. Anything more than a whisper and it would vanish... it was so fragile. And I fear that it will not survive the winter.
Why'd you come, you knew you should have stayed. I tried to warn you just to stay away. And now they're outside ready to bust. It looks like you might be one of us.
An informed citizenry has to understand place, not because place is more important than other kinds of knowledge but because it forms the foundation for so much other knowledge.
I met him down near the border. Said he wanted me to work with him on a job. Range war. But he said it'd be easy. All we had to worry about was a drunken sheriff. Are you sure you don't want some coffee?
Is it sweeter to exist only in the mind or to exist both in the mind and in reality? Flipping out and wailing on guitars is much sweeter when someone is actually doing it. So when we conceive of the sweetest being ever, we are conceiving of the being that exists both in the mind and in reality.
It is one thing to write as poet and another to write as a historian: the poet can recount or sing about things not as they were, but as they should have been, and the historian must write about them not as they should have been, but as they were, without adding or subtracting anything from the truth.
When a child enters school for the first time he will encounter many things with which he is unfamiliar. The schoolroom desk, some of the tables and cabinets, the blackboards, charts, and other classroom equipment may be entirely novel to him.
You see I usually find myself among strangers because I drift here and there trying to forget the sad things that happened to me.
But he didn't and he never will. We all pay for our choices kid. Maybe your old man fought for you, maybe he did it for himself. The only thing you know for sure is he's gone now. But I'm here. Now, get up. Time to stop taking a beating and start giving one.
I don't care what he is. If it wasn't for him, your impartial chief of police would still have the wrong man behind bars. I want that officer given a free hand. Otherwise, I will pack up my husband's engineers and leave you to yourselves.
As to your dead guy, occupational hazard. Drug dealer getting shot? I'm gonna go out on a limb here and say it's been known to happen.
I pulled up to the house about 7 or 8, and I yelled to the cabbie, "Yo home smell ya later." I looked at my kingdom, I was finally there, to sit on my throne as the Prince of Bael-Air.
Surely there can't be so many countries worth dying for. Anything worth living for is worth dying for.
Teenage angst has paid off well. Now I'm bored and old. Self-appointed judges judge more than they have sold. If she floats then she is not a witch like we had thought. A down payment on another one at Salem's lot.
It made me shiver. And I about made up my mind to pray, and see if I couldn't try to quit being the kind of a boy I was and be better. So I kneeled down. But the words wouldn't come. Why wouldn't they? It warn't no use to try and hide it from Him. Nor from me, neither. I knowed very well why they wouldn't come. It was because my heart warn't right; it was because I warn't square; it was because I was playing double.
I walk through the valley of the shadow of death. And I'll fear no evil because I'm blind to it all. And my mind and my gun they comfort me. Because I know I'll kill my enemies when they come. Surely goodness and mercy will follow me all the days of my life and I will dwell on this earth forevermore. Still I walk beside the still waters and they restore my soul. But I can't walk on the path of the right because I'm wrong.
Thing is Butch, right now you got ability. But painful as it may be, ability don't last.
Five thousand of my men are out there in the freezing mud. Three thousand of them are bloodied and cleaved. Two thousand will never leave this place. I will not believe they fought and died for nothing.
The hallway is luxurious and tasteful. Tapestries and paintings of old relatives that Alice doesn't recognise adorn the walls. But this isn't a quaint old house. There's something in the air.
I became yearbook photographer because I liked the idaea that I could sort of watch life without having to be part of it. But when you're yearbook photographer, you're like never in the picture.
Science isn't about "why". It's about "why not". Why is so much of our science dangerous? Why not marry safe science if you love it so much. In fact, why not invent a special safety door that won't hit you on the butt on the way out? Because you are fired!
Say to all of you, I have been treated this day with no respect. I've earned you all money. I've made you rich and I asked for little. Good. You will not give, I'll take! As for Don Corleone, well, he makes it very clear to me today that he is my enemy. You must choose between us.
From a certain point onward there is no longer any turning back. That is the point that must be reached.
Look and think as far ahead as possible. Often, a driver's natural reaction is to look at the point you're just about to get to. That's not enough.
Anyone seen this before? The Laffer curve. Anyone know what this says? It says that at this point on the revenue curve, you will get exactly the same amount of revenue as at this point. This is very controversial. Does anyone know what Vice President Bush called this in 1980? Anyone? Something-d-o-o economics. "Voodoo" economics.
Ever since stockmen began driving southern cattle into states further north it has been noted that the roads over which they were driven became a source of great danger to northern cattle. Often 80% to 90% of the native cattle died after a herd of southern cattle passed through their region and the losses became so great that both state and national laws were passed prohibiting the driving or shipping of southern cattle into northern states.
The inner surface of the cell wall touches the cytoplasmic membrane. The cytoplasmic membrane contains proteins that span the lipid bilayer. The bacterial cytoplasmic membrane (unlike that of animals) has no cholesterol or other sterols.
"What are you doing with all those books anyway?" Ron asked. "Just trying to decide which ones to take with us," said Hermione. "When we're looking for the Horcruxes." "Oh, of course," said Ron, clapping a hand to his forehead. "I forgot we'll be hunting down Voldemort in a mobile library."
In the profession of Christianity, the variety of national characters may be clearly distinguished. The natives of Syria and Egypt abandoned their lives to lazy and contemplative devotion; Rome again aspired to the dominion of the world; and the wit of the lively and loquacious Greeks was consumed in the disputes of metaphysical theology.
I guess this is just another lost cause, Mr. Paine. All you people don't know about lost causes. Mr. Paine does. He said once they were the only causes worth fighting for and he fought for them once. For the only reason any man ever fights for them. Because of just one plain simple rule. Love thy neighbour.
In the all night cafe at a quarter past eleven, same old man sitting there on his own, looking at the world over the rim of his teacup, and each tea lasts an hour and he wanders home alone.
Chance and chance alone has a message for us. Everything that occurs out of necessity, everything expected, repeated day in and day out, is mute. Only chance can speak to us. We read its message much as gypsies read the images made by coffee grounds at the bottom of a cup.
The life of everyone on board depends upon just one thing: finding someone back there who can not only fly this plane, but who didn't have fish for dinner.
That's because we're uncool. And while women will always be a problem for us, most of the great art in the world is about that very same problem. Good-looking people don't have any spine. Their art never lasts. They get the girls, but we're smarter.
This is the end, beautiful friend. This is the end, my only friend - the end of our elaborate plans, the end of everything that stands, the end. No safety or surprise, the end. I'll never look into your eyes, again.
I never thought I'd die alone. I laughed the loudest, who'd have known? I trace the cord back to the wall. No wonder, it was never plugged in at all. I took my time, I hurried up. The choice was mine, I didn't think enough. I'm too depressed to go on. You'll be sorry when I'm gone.
Every man desires to live long, but no man wishes to be old.
There was no telling what people might find out once they felt free to ask whatever questions they wanted to.
I've seen it watching me, that misty thing without a face. It weaves my thoughts, lined them up in black lace. It buries my shape and leaves no trace. Tomorrow I will have no shame, and I will start again.
I took a course in art last winter. I learnt the difference between a fine oil painting, and a mechanical thing, like a photograph. The photograph shows only the reality. The painting shows not only the reality, but the dream behind it. It's our dreams, doctor, that carry us on. They separate us from the beasts.
Look and think as far ahead as possible. Often, a driver's natural reaction is to look at the wall or the point you're just about to get to. That's not enough. You won't drive a smooth, flowing line if you don't look far ahead. Looking well ahead, and concentrating on getting to where I'm looking, seems to really help me.
The mind which is created quick to love, is responsive to everything that is pleasing, soon as by pleasure it is awakened into activity. Your apprehensive faculty draws an impression from a real object, and unfolds it within you, so that it makes the mind turn thereto. And if, being turned, it inclines towards it, that inclination is love; that is nature, which through pleasure is bound anew within you.
The Inca believed that if one did not give thanks and obedience to the gods, bad things would happen. The world of the Andes Mountains is full of ecological wonders - and ecological disasters such as earthquakes, severe storms, and volcanic activity.
Don't worry, Commander Rester, making assumptions is part of any investigation. If we're wrong, all it'll cost is an apology.
Power is not a means; it is an end. One does not establish a dictatorship in order to safeguard a revolution; one makes the revolution in order to establish the dictatorship. The object of persecution is persecution. The object of torture is torture. The object of power is power.
So I've spent the last few months running down leads, trying to back up his storey, and he's right about one thing: there are dirty cops. A lot of them. But did they set him up? I... I thought maybe they had. And then, uh, yesterday, your father confessed to the murder. I tried to talk to him, but all anyone will tell me is that he turned state's evidence and that you, your mom and I are being placed into witness protection.
The presence of a noble nature, generous in its wishes, ardent in its charity, changes the lights for us: we begin to see things again in their larger, quieter masses, and to believe that we too can be seen and judged in the wholeness of our character.
I want you to know that the day you saw something in me, my whole life changed.
First it was butter then it was sugar and white flour, bacon, eggs, bologna, rock 'n roll, motorcycles. Then it was celebrating Christmas on a day in September when you knew it wouldn't be commercialised! What else are you gonna ban?
And Saint Attila raised the hand grenade up on high, saying, "O Lord, bless this thy hand grenade, that with it thou mayst blow thine enemies to tiny bits in thy mercy." And the Lord did grin. And the people did feast upon the lambs and sloths and carp and anchovies and orangutans and breakfast cereals and fruit bats and large chunks...
To be, or not to be: that is the question: whether 'tis nobler in the mind to suffer the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune, or to take arms against a sea of troubles, and by opposing end them?
Computers make excellent and efficient servant, but I have no wish to serve under them. Captain, a starship also runs on loyalty to one man and nothing can replace it or him.
What else do I get with it? - You get a gold-plated Rolls Royce, as long as you pay for it. - Don't know, Tom, seems expensive. - Seems... well this seems to be a waste of my time. That is nine hundred nicker in any shop, you're lucky enough to find one in, and you're complaining about two hundred? What school of finance did you study? It's a deal, it's a steal, it's the sale of the beeping century! In fact, beep it Nick, I think I'll keep it!
Nobody said it was easy. It's such a shame for us to part. Nobody said it was easy. No one ever said it would be this hard. Oh, take me back to the start.
Pulp: 1. A soft, moist, shapeless mass or matter. 2. A magazine or book containing lurid subject matter and being characteristically printed on rough, unfinished paper.
Cup of Ace, cup of Goose, cup of Cris high heels, somethin' worth a half a ticket on my wrist. Takin' all the liquor straight, never chase that rooftop like we bringin' '88 back. Bring the hooks in, where the bass at? Champagne spillin', you should taste that.
Commander James Bond was born of a Scottish father and a Swiss mother. When he was eleven years of age, both his parents were killed in a climbing accident in the Alps. After studying at Eton, Bond joined MI6 and moved up through the ranks to his current position, agent 007, with a licence to kill. Briefly married in 1962, Bond's lifetime loyalty has been to queen and country.
Races are not won in the first corner; however, they are often lost there. It's usually best to run as quick as you can for the first few laps, then settle into a comfortable, consistent pace - all the while ready to take advantage of any opportunity to pass.
Look at that sky, Malcolm. Just think. Somewhere out there, all those stars and planets, there might be at this very moment a space dad who just got kicked out of his space trailer who's looking down on us. Or would it be up at us? Or maybe sideways?
Maybe someday we can talk about our past and we can talk about the weather; whenever you leave I don't care what I'm remembered for, I just want to be remembered.
Why does man create? Is it man's purpose on earth to express himself, to bring form to thought, and to discover meaning in experience? Or is it just something to do when he's bored?
There are very few things I wish I could change about those two decades, but there are many things I wish I had known. I wish I had known, for instance, that such a long period of being single was in the cards for me. I also wish I'd known earlier that such a delay was not abnormal among my generation.
I can practically see your face and another revolutionary falls from grace. Hear the thunder in your brain. Not enough sunshine, too much rain.
She was a genius of sadness, immersing herself in it, separating its numerous strands, appreciating its subtle nuances. She was a prism through which sadness could be divided into its infinite spectrum.
I mean I look at a piano, I see a bunch of keys, three pedals, and a box of wood. But Beethoven, Mozart, they saw it, they could just play. I couldn't paint you a picture, I probably can't hit the ball out of Fenway, and I can't play the piano.
If you change your mind, I'm the first in line. Honey, I'm still free, take a chance on me. If you need me, let me know, gonna be around.
That's Tommy. He tells people he was named after a gun, but I know he was really named after a famous 19th century ballet dancer.
The Orient was almost a European invention, and had been since antiquity a place of romance, exotic beings, haunting memories and landscapes, remarkable experiences. Now it was disappearing; in a sense it had happened, its time was over.
It is a curious thing, Harry, but perhaps those who are best suited to power are those who have never sought it. Those who, like you, have leadership thrust upon them, and take up the mantle because they must, and find to their own surprise that they wear it well.
When they came to a space to be bridged by a leap, he would muzzle Grey Wolf and whine, and she would stand with ears alert - listening. Then Kazan would take the leap, and she understood the distance she had to cover. She always over-leaped, which was a good fault.
Suffering has been stronger than all other teaching, and has taught me to understand what your heart used to be. I have been bent and broken, but - I hope - into a better shape.
Focus your attention on the Now and tell me what problem you have at this moment. I am not getting any answer because it is impossible to have a problem when your attention is fully in the Now. A situation that needs to be either dealt with or accepted - yes.
Now, my three friends could hardly fail to notice that I disappeared once a month. I made up all sorts of storeys. I told them my mother was ill, and that I had to go home to see her... I was terrified they would desert me the moment they found out what I was. But of course, they, like you, Hermione, worked out the truth...
Well obviously Lionel Tribbey is a brilliant lawyer whom we cannot live without or there would be very little reason not to put him in prison.
Morphic resonance is a process whereby self-organising systems inherit a memory from previous similar systems. In its most general formulation, morphic resonance means that the so-called laws of nature are more like habits. The hypothesis of morphic resonance also leads to a radically new interpretation of memory storage in the brain and of biological inheritance.
Take my love, take my land, take me where I cannot stand. I don't care; I'm still free. You can't take the sky from me. Take me out to the black. Tell them I ain't coming back.
Think big, think positive, never show any sign of weakness. Always go for the throat. Buy low, sell high. Fear? That's the other guy's problem. Nothing you have ever experienced will prepare you for the absolute carnage you are about to witness. Super Bowl, World Series - they don't know what pressure is.
I've got more sizzle than a rasher of bacon. I'm hungry and it ain't meals on wheels I'm after -- it's you.
Come senators, congressmen please heed the call. Don't stand in the doorway don't block up the hall. For he that gets hurt will be he who has stalled. There's a battle outside and it's ragin'. It'll soon shake your windows and rattle your walls. For the times they are a' changin'!
Most popular song lyrics have two sections - a verse and a bridge, where the bridge offers a contrast to the verse but is not the place where the song is summarised.
You've gotta choose people who aren't much more motivated than you are but don't surround yourself with total narcissists. Otherwise, things start to be about something other than you.
Quartz is the commonest of the crystalline forms of silicon dioxide. It crystallises in the hexagonal system, most usually in the form of a six-sided prism surmounted by a six-sided pyramid. It is also frequently found as irregular masses, or as aggregates of small crystals and crystalline grains. It possesses no regular cleavage, but breaks with an irregular and often curved fracture.
Sing us a song, you're the piano man. Sing us a song tonight. Well, we're all in the mood for a melody and you've got us feeling alright.
While it may hold true that the final few seconds of a bike race are fastest and apparently chaotic, at 70 kph and 200 heartbeats per minute, there's simply no time for anxiety.
Considering the marvellous complexity of the universe, its clockwork perfection, its balances of this against that... matter, energy, gravitation, time, dimension, I believe that our existence must be more than either of these philosophies. That what we are goes beyond Euclidean or other practical measuring systems and that our existence is part of a reality beyond what we understand now as reality.
I'm happy here. You know, someone once told me my life is a dream with an anklet attached. If I wake up tomorrow and that anklet is still on, I have a good job, a wonderful home, a partner and a best friend. A family. But to wake up and answer only to myself, that would mean everything.
On the twenty-third day of the month of September, in an early year of a decade not too long before our own, the human race suddenly encountered a deadly threat to its very existence. And this terrifying enemy surfaced, as such enemies often do, in the seemingly most innocent and unlikely of places...
Let's hold it down. The only engine we got with enough power for a direct abort is the SPS on the service module. From what Lovell has told us, that could have been damaged in an explosion, so let's consider that engine dead. We light that thing up, it could blow the whole works. It's just too risky. We're not going to take that chance. About the only thing the command module is good for is reentry, so that leaves us with the LEM, which means free-return trajectory. Once we get the guys around the moon, we'll fire the LEM engine, make a long burn, pick up some speed, and get them home as quickly as we can.
This is a fundamental truth about any sort of practise: If you never push yourself beyond your comfort zone, you will never improve.
Some people pass through your life and you never think about them again. Some you think about and wonder what ever happened to them. Some you wonder if they ever wonder what happened to you. And then there are some you wish you never had to think about again. But you do.
The seeds of life - fiery is their force, divine their birth, but they are weighed down by the bodies' ills or dulled by limbs and flesh that's born for death. That is the source of all men's fears and longings, joys and sorrows, nor can they see the heaven's light, shut up in the body's tomb, a prison dark and deep.
One day she left without a word, she took away the sun. And in the dark she left behind, I knew what she had done. She'd left me for another, it's a common tale but true.
If the children don't grow up, our bodies get bigger but our hearts get torn up. We're just a million little gods causing rain storms, turning every good thing to rust. I guess we'll just have to adjust.
Imagine for a moment if we once again knew these few unremarkable things: What it is we're eating. Where it came from. How it found its way to our table. And what, in a true accounting, it really cost. We would no longer need any reminding that however we choose to feed ourselves, we eat by the grace of nature, not industry, and what we're eating is never anything more or less than the body of the world.
...and PRESTO!! The cup has completely disappeared.
The wheel is turning and you can't slow down. You can't let go and you can't hold on. You can't go back and you can't stand still. If the thunder don't get you then the lightning will.
Okay, you're out on the condition that you never enter your daughter in a beauty pageant in the state of California ever again. Ever.
You, me, or nobody is gonna hit as hard as life. But it ain't about how hard you hit. It's about how hard you can get hit and keep moving forward. That's how winning is done!
We could love that tractor then as we have loved this land when it was ours.
Ultimately, the real yield on stocks - and, therefore, through arbitrage, the real yield on longer bonds - is determined by the profitability of corporations and the real return that they earn on their capital. It is useful to distinguish between physical and financial returns. The return on physical capital includes here the return on the organisation, management, and the so-called human capital - that is, the education, training, experience, and esprit dae corps of the workforce.
Twilight, again. Another ending. No matter how perfect the day is, it always has to end.
It's a praying mantis. Do you know how they mate? The male will sneak up on the female and she'll bite off his head and the rest of his body will keep on mating and when they're done she'll eat him. She'll eat the rest of him.
Round the world we'll go, does anybody know, love? If we're looking out on the day of another dream. If you can't get what you want then you come with me.
What you gonna do with your man there? You're always gonna have problems lifting a body in one piece. Apparently the best thing to do is cut the corpse up into six pieces and pile it all together. After you got six pieces you gotta get rid of 'em, of course you can't leave it in the deep freeze for your mum to discover, can ya?
I remembered the line from the Hindu scripture, the Bhagavad-Gita; Vishnu is trying to persuade the Prince that he should do his duty and, to impress him, takes on his multi-armed form and says, "Now I am become Death, the destroyer of worlds." I suppose we all thought that, one way or another.
I seem to be what I'm not, you see. I'm wearing my heart like a crown, pretending that you're still around.
You get a shiver in the dark, it's a-raining in the park but meantime south of the river you stop and you hold everything. A band is blowing Dixie, double four time. You feel alright when you hear the music ring.
For a transitory enchanted moment man must have held his breath in the presence of this continent, compelled into an aesthetic contemplation he neither understood nor desired, face to face for the last time in history with something commensurate to his capacity for wonder.
But when it is a question of the life of a king it is better to sacrifice the innocent than save the guilty.
I know a bloke who knows a bloke who knows a bloke. Now, I know you know this bloke. This is a bloke you know.
Well, I used to be an actor but I could never remember my lines, so I thought "just shut up", you know? Don't say nothing. And my father used to say the same thing to me every dinner time, he used to say to me "shut up and eat", so that's what we do and that's the name of the company: "Shut Up and Eat."
Johnny, I got a lot of people here who are a little depressed because the war just ended. Please give me a new song.
Convection also plays a minor role because of the relative thinness of the air layer and the presence of the upper cardboard heat shield. The insulation properties of the cardboard play a major role, since they serve to minimise the temperature gradient across the airspace.
Humans need to practise what they are learning a good deal before they master it. Furthermore, they tend to lose a good deal of their learning when they cease to practise the skills associated with this learning in their daily lives.
Sutler can no longer trust you, can he, Mr. Creedy? And we both know why. After I destroy Parliament, his only chance will be to offer them someone else. Some other piece of meat. And who will that be? You, Mr. Creedy. A man as smart as you has probably considered this. A man as smart as you probably has a plan. That plan is the reason Sutler no longer trusts you. It's the reason why you're being watched right now, why there are eyes and ears in every room of this house and a tap on every phone.
We all love a good storey. We all love a tantalising mystery. We all love the underdog pressing onward against seemingly insurmountable odds. We all, in one form or another, are trying to make sense of the world around us. And all of these elements lie at the core of modern physics.
I went to the woods because I wished to live deliberately, to front only the essential facts of life, and see if I could not learn what it had to teach, and not, when I came to die, discover that I had not lived.
It's either the 4th of July or someone's trying to kill us!
All music is what awakes from you when you are reminded by the instruments - it is not the violins or the clarinets, it is not the beating of the drums, nor the score of the baritone singing his sweet romanza; not that of the men's chorus, nor that of the women's chorus - it is nearer and farther than they.
The simple fact is that if you don't enjoy what you're doing and the people with whom you're doing it, then there is no possible way that you are ever going to do it as well as something you do enjoy. As some wise person once said, 'Life is not a dress rehearsal.' This is it!
I let it fall, my heart, and as it fell you rose to claim it. It was dark and I was over until you kissed my lips and you saved me. My hands, they're strong, but my knees were far too weak to stand in your arms without falling to your feet.
Come up to meet you, tell you I'm sorry. You don't know how lovely you are. I had to find you, tell you I need you, tell you I set you apart.
Speak roughly to your little boy and beat him when he sneezes! He only does it to annoy, because he knows it teases!
It was behind you, Tyrone, whenever you reverse things come from behind you!
Sometimes our thinking about an object is conditioned by viewing the object from some particular perspective. A racing bicycle, for example, may be considered fast for a bicycle, but slow for a means of transportation. At other times, our thinking is conditioned by the context an object is in. A particular person, for example, may be happy when operating as a mountain hiker, yet grumpy when operating as an aeroplane traveller.
It has been estimated that there are about four thousand species or kinds of Protozoans, about twenty-five thousand species of Mollusks, about ten thousand species of birds, about three thousand five hundred species of mammals, and from two hundred thousand to one million species of insects, or from two to five times as many kinds of insects as all other animals combined.
The rest of my attention is back at the offices of Facebook, where my colleagues and I are doing things that no one in this room, including and especially your clients, are intellectually or creatively capable of doing.
Listen Morty, I hate to break it to you, but what people calls "love" is just a chemical reaction that compels animals to breed. It hits hard, Morty, then it slowly fades, leaving you stranded in a failing marriage. I did it. Your parents are gonna do it. Break the cycle, Morty. Rise above. Focus on science.
The more you see the less you know, the less you find out as you grow. I knew much more then than I do now.
You know how you throw your jacket on a chair at the end of the day? Well, like that - only, instead of a chair, it's a pile of garbage. And instead of a jacket, it's a pile of garbage. And instead of the end of the day, it's the end of time and garbage is all that has survived!
My wife has been the most adorable person, a friend closest in my life, a most wonderful lover. We loved every minute of our lives together.
It was as if that great rush of anger had washed me clean, emptied me of hope, and, gazing up at the dark sky spangled with its signs and stars, for the first time, the first, I laid my heart open to the benign indifference of the universe.
The universe is true for us all and dissimilar to each of us. If we were not obliged, to preserve the continuity of our storey, to confine ourselves to frivolous reasons, how many more serious reasons would permit us to demonstrate the falsehood and flimsiness of the opening pages of this volume in which, from my bed, I hear the world awake, now to one sort of weather, now to another.
You have been on my mind, I've been trying to let it go. I've been trying to find something as incredible.
One of you go find the forest ranger. Since we're done with the May Day rites and it's still so early in the morning, my love will have a chance to hear the beautiful music of my hunting dogs barking as they chase their prey. Unleash the dogs in the western valley. Let them go. Now go find the forest ranger.
If I were a rich man, I'd build a big tall house with rooms by the dozen right in the middle of the town. A fine tin roof with real wooden floors below. There would be one long staircase just going up and one even longer coming down and one more leading nowhere, just for show.
But you know that when the truth is told, you can get what you want or you can just get old; you're gonna kick off before you even get halfway through. When will you realise? Vienna waits for you.
I see trees of green, red roses too, I see them bloom for me and you, and I think to myself what a wonderful world. I see skies of blue and clouds of white, the bright blessed day, the dark sacred night, and I think to myself what a wonderful world.
Sometimes you never feel meaner than the moment you stop being mean. It's like how turning on a light makes you realise how dark the room had gotten. And the way you usually act, the things you would have normally done, are like these ghosts that everyone can see but pretends not to.
If I ruled the world every day would be the first day of spring, every heart would have a new song to sing, and we'd sing of the joy every morning would bring. If I ruled the world every man would be as free as a bird, every voice would be a voice to be heard. Take my word, we would treasure each day that occurred.
Well, my brother has a sword, and I have my mind. A mind needs books like a sword needs a whetstone. That's why I read so much Jon Snow.
I've met another man. He's the best man I've ever met. He's bright, handsome and he's crazy about me. And, he's married. There's only one thing; he doesn't like my hat.
Walk on the wall again. Climb the tower. Ride the river. Stare at the frescoes. I want to sit in the garden and read one more good book.
It's a fallen situation when all eyes are turned in and a love isn't flowing the way it could have been. You brought it all on but it feels so wrong. You brought it all on. I don't believe this song.
You know, I don't really know what to expect. Sometimes you look like a younger Brando... but then the way Crumb draws you, you look... like a hairy ape, with all these wavy, stinky lines undulating off your body. I don't really know what to expect.
Hello. My name is Leonard Lowe. It has been explained to me that I've been away for quite some time. I'm back.
We have already succeeded. I mean, what are the three terrors of the Fire Swamp? One, the flame spurt - no problem. There's a popping sound preceding each; we can avoid that. Two, the lightning sand, which you were clever enough to discover what that looks like so in the future we can avoid that too.
Although today dalmatians serve primarily as firehouse mascots, back in the days of horse-drawn carts, they provided a valuable service. Dalmatians and horses get along swimmingly, so the dogs were easily trained to run in front of the carts and help clear a path for the firefighters to get to a fire quickly.
You know, certain words and phrases just keep drifting through my mind. Things like incarceration, cavity search, death by electrocution, life imprisonment, stuff like that. You know what I'm sayin'? So do I want to come out alive? I don't know. I... I don't know. I think we're gonna have to think about that.
It's not really a place; it's a feeling. Sometimes riding at night I punch off the headlights and roll on the throttle and just rocket blind into the dark.
Like most North Americans of his generation, Hal tends to know way less about why he feels certain ways about the objects and pursuits he's devoted to than he does about the objects and pursuits themselves. It's hard to say for sure whether this is even exceptionally bad, this tendency.
I maintain that inversion is the effect of neither a prenatal choice nor an endocrinal malformation nor even the passive and determined result of complexes. It is an outlet that a child discovers when he is suffocating.
Isolated in their soundproof studios neither player is aware of the other's score. I've been assured by our friends at the encyclopedia that they've concocted some real brain-breakers this week so we'll find out in the next 30 minutes if the unstumpable Herbert Stempel can be stumped. Could I have the questions, please?
He doesn't know anything. After all, he doesn't know that life is impossible here now. Nothing left here. The church is gone.
Life is to be lived, not controlled; and humanity is won by continuing to play in face of certain defeat.
I bet you never thought about it, but the Internet and dreams are similar. They're areas where the repressed conscious mind escapes.
She said let's change our luck, this night is all we've got. Drive fast until we crash... This dead-end life... Sweet dreams that won't come true, I'd leave it all for you. Brick walls are closing in, let's make... A run tonight.
There's a fire starting in my heart reaching a fever pitch, and it's bringing me out the dark. Finally, I can see you crystal clear. Go ahead and sell me out, and I'll lay your ship bare. See how I'll leave with every piece of you. Don't underestimate the things that I will do.
I hope you realise I'm holding you personally responsible for any and all damages done to these premises! Except of course for the spoon that got caught in the garbage disposal. I don't think I can blame him for that.
You see, if you shoot pool with some employee here, you can come and borrow money. What does that get us? A discontented, lazy rabble instead of a thrifty working class. And all because a few starry-eyed dreamers like Peter Bailey stir them up and fill their heads with a lot of impossible ideas!
Perhaps if you know you are insane then you are not insane.
I couldn't bear to think about it; and yet, somehow, I couldn't think about nothing else.
Sometimes you picture me. I'm walking too far ahead, you're calling to me, I can't hear what you've said. Then you say, "go slow." I fall behind, the second hand unwinds.
I don't have to tell you things are bad. Everybody knows things are bad. It's a depression. Everybody's out of work or scared of losing their job. The dollar buys a nickel's worth, banks are going bust, shopkeepers keep a gun under the counter. Punks are running wild in the street and there's nobody anywhere who seems to know what to do and there's no end to it. We know the air is unfit to breathe and our food is unfit to eat, and we sit watching our TVs while some local newscaster tells us that today we had fifteen homicides and sixty-three violent crimes, as if that's the way it's supposed to be.
If the sky that we look upon should tumble and fall, or the mountain should crumble to the sea, I won't cry. No, I won't shed a tear just as long as you stand by me.
There have been occasions in my later life (I suppose as in most lives) when I have felt for a time as if a thick curtain had fallen on all its interest and romance, to shut me out from anything save dull endurance any more. Never has that curtain dropped so heavy and blank, as when my way in life lay stretched out straight before me through the newly-entered road of apprenticeship to Joe.
If there is a design or pattern on our china, we eat until we can see the design clearly. If you're on a diet, eat from plates with no design - or even better, from plain white china. Without the design present to influence you, you have less incentive to clean your plate.
I was shaking like a leaf, so without thinking I lit up a cigarette on the aeroplane to calm my nerves. I was trembling, I was very emotional and that's when all the rest of it happened. It's very regrettable. Now, I don't want to kick up a fuss, press charges, contact the British embassy. I'd rather not pursue those channels, that's not my style. I'm not that sort of a bloke.
I think that those two people want to be together. I think that love, at the end of the day, is stronger than some mistake somebody made; something they did that they regret. I think that love allows for forgiveness.
Dear Sushie, You followed Mario, didn't you? How are you doing? I never expected you'd go with him. I want to hear about you, Mario and everything else, so why don't you come to see me when you finish travelling? If you have a hard time climbing the tree, I'll come down for you.
But do you remember Gandalf's words: Even Gollum may have something yet to do? But for him, Sam, I could not have destroyed the Ring. The Quest would have been in vain, even at the bitter end. So let us forgive him! For the Quest is achieved, and now all is over. I am glad you are here with me. Here at the end of all things, Sam.
If we do our job right, we never need to go to court. Look, the reason we're not a law firm? We don't have to play within the rules of the law. We're fixers, crisis managers. We make the problems of our clients go away, big or small. It's not about solving some crime, it's not about justice, it's about our client.
There are but two types of men who desire war: those who haven't the slightest intention of fighting it themselves, and those who haven't the slightest idaea what it is. Any man who has seen the face of death knows better than to seek him out a second time.
Men are so quick to blame the gods: they say that we devise their misery. But they themselves - in their depravity - design grief greater than the griefs that fate assigns.
"But I don't want to go among mad people," Alice remarked. "Oh, you can't help that," said the Cat: "we're all mad here. I'm mad. You're mad." "How do you know I'm mad?" said Alice. "You must be," said the Cat, "or you wouldn't have come here."
I mean that tonight you've made me ashamed of every concept I ever had of superior or inferior beings. But I thank you for that shame, because now I know that we are each of us a separate human being, Brandon, with the right to live and work and think as individuals, but with an obligation to the society we live in.
I am not a torturer, though it so often is what people deserve. And it does provide answers, but they're usually the wrong answers. My job is to find the right answers. Do you know how I do that? I do it by making people happy. I'd like to make you happy, Vala. That's your name isn't it? Vala?
All my friends are heathens, take it slow. Wait for them to ask you who you know. Please don't make any sudden moves. You don't know the half of the abuse.
A man is dead. And my client, John Healy, took his life. This is not in dispute. It is a matter of record, of fact, and facts have no moral judgement, they merely state what is. Not what we think of them, not what we feel, they just are. What was in my client's heart when he took Mr. Prohaszka's life, whether he is a good man or something else entirely, is irrelevant.
I've heard there was a secret chord that David played, and it pleased the Lord, but you don't really care for music, do you?
When I was young, it seemed that life was so wonderful. A miracle, oh it was beautiful, magical. And all the birds in the trees, well they'd be singing so happily, joyfully, playfully watching me. But then they send me away to teach me how to be sensible, logical, responsible, practical. And they showed me a world where I could be so dependable, clinical, intellectual, cynical.
I'm dancing on the White House lawn; sipping tea by the Taj Mahal at dawn; hanging round the gardens of Babylon. Minnie Mouse has got it all sewn up. She gets more fan mail than the Pope. She takes the mickey out of all my phobias. Like signing cheques to ward off double pneumonia.
How does it feel? Aw, how does it feel? To be on your own. With no direction home. Like a complete unknown. Like a rolling stone?
It's too late to articulate it, that empty feeling. You share the same fate as the people you hate. You build yourself up against others' feelings, and it left you feeling empty as a car coasting downhill. I have become such a negative person.
Sometimes you're the windshield, sometimes you're the bug. Sometimes it all comes together baby. Sometimes you're a fool in love.
Always do your best - your best is going to change from moment to moment; it will be different when you are healthy as opposed to sick. Under any circumstance, simply do your best, and you will avoid self-judgement, self-abuse and regret.
We go waiting for the stars to come showering down. From Moscow to Mars, universe falling down. You got to look real hard there's a fiery star hidden out there somewhere. Not the satellite of love but a laser shooting out its shiny tongue there.
Now wait a minute. Wait a minute. There's only one thing you need in life and to make, make you happy and that is friends. That's all you need is friends and then you'll be happy. If you have friends you will be happy, happy, happy person. You also need food and clothes.
The intelligent person is able to identify a problem and find its optimum solution. Hence, intelligence is effectiveness.
Blessed is he, who in the name of charity and good will, shepherds the weak through the valley of darkness, for he is truly his brother's keeper and the finder of lost children.
I see, these books are probably law books, and it is an essential part of the justice dispensed here that you should be condemned not only in innocence but also in ignorance.
Welcome to the room of people who have rooms of people that they loved one day, docked away. Just because we cheque the guns at the door doesn't mean our brains will change from hand grenades.
Harvey and I have things to do. We sit in bars, have a drink or two, play the jukebox. Very soon the faces of all the other people turn towards me, and they smile. They say, "We don't know your name, mister, but you're a very nice fellow." Harvey and I warm ourselves in these golden moments. We came as strangers; soon we have friends. They come over, they sit with us, they drink with us, they talk to us. They tell us about the great big terrible things they've done and the great big wonderful things they're going to do. Their hopes, their regrets. Their loves, their hates. All very large, because nobody ever brings anything small to a bar.
See the stone set in your eyes, see the thorn twist in your side. I wait for you. Sleight of hand and twist of fate. On a bed of nails she makes me wait. And I wait without you.
Borrowing implies the eventual intention to return the thing that was taken. What makes you think I would ever give you back?
Oh, we knew we couldn't save everyone. Much as we would have liked to, say, save every victim of the twentieth-century European Holocaust, we knew that was off-limits. The ripple would have been extreme - too much happened as a result of the Holocaust. But to save even the small, insignificant victims of the past - the 'orphans of history,' as it were - didn't our own humanity demand that we try?
There are fixed points throughout time where things must stay exactly the way they are. This is not one of them. This is an opportunity! Whatever happens here will create its own timeline, its own reality, a temporal tipping point. The future revolves around you, here, now, so do good!
I was the East Coast distributor of "involved." I ate it, drank it, and breathed it... Then they killed Martin, Bobby, and they elected Tricky Dick twice, and people like you must think I'm miserable because I'm not involved anymore. Well, I've got news for you. I spent all my misery years ago. I have no more pain for anything. I gave at the office.
Why so much grief for me? No man will hurl me down to Death, against my fate. And fate? No one alive has ever escaped it, neither brave man nor coward, I tell you - it's born with us the day that we are born.
Problems are mind-made and need time to survive. They cannot survive in the actuality of the Now.
I'm free to be whatever I choose, and I'll sing the blues if I want. I'm free to say whatever I like. If it's wrong or right it's alright.
The pickpockets' profession demands extraordinary nimbleness and agility, a terrific certainty of movement, not to mention a ready wit, a talent for observation and strained attention.
Droll thing life is - that mysterious arrangement of merciless logic for a futile purpose. The most you can hope from it is some knowledge of yourself - that comes too late - a crop of inextinguishable regrets.
The mother was gravely injured. Her only choice was to entrust the child to the Deku Tree, the guardian spirit of the forest. The Deku Tree could sense that this was a child of destiny, whose fate would affect the entire world, so he took him into the forest.
What's Joey Zasa got to do with this? Joey Zasa's a pazzo. Joey Zasa. Alright, you are what you are. It's in your nature. From now on you stick close to me. You don't go anywhere, you don't do anything, you don't talk to anyone without checking with me first, understand?
But as our culture has transformed from one that was fundamentally based on internal memories to one that is fundamentally based on memories stored outside the brain, what are the implications for ourselves and our society? What we've gained is indisputable. But what have we traded away?
Grits and fried chicken won't disappear, but perhaps future southerners will enjoy them with a side of rice noodles or enchilada sauce.
Are the stars out tonight? I don't know if it's clouded or bright. I only have eyes for you.
I am marching through the branches in a fit of wanderlust to see you in a black hole reaching out for something just. Silhouettes of neighbours dancing in disgust.
Once in a while maybe you will feel the urge to break international copyright law by downloading MP3s from file sharing sites like Morpheus or Grokster or LimeWire or Kazaa.
I was proud of my work. And the buildings went up. When they were finished the damnedest thing happened. It was like the buildings were too good for us. Nobody told us that. It just felt uncomfortable, that's all.
My meaning simply is, that whatever I have tried to do in life, I have tried with all my heart to do well; that whatever I have devoted myself to, I have devoted myself to completely; that in great aims and in small, I have always been thoroughly in earnest.
I was even convinced that during those moments her face changed, that her lips curled with scorn and she was perhaps laughing with some other man, and that the whole storey of the passageways was my own ridiculous invention, and that after all there was only one tunnel, dark and solitary: mine, the tunnel in which I had spent my childhood, my youth, my entire life.
The key goals in user-interface design are increase in speed of learning and in speed of use, reduction of error rate, encouragement of rapid recall of how to use the interface, and increase in attractiveness to potential users and buyers.
I must be cruel only to be kind; thus bad begins, and worse remains behind.
Fourscore and seven minutes ago we, your forefathers, were brought forth upon a most excellent adventure conceived by our new friends, Bill and Taed. These two great gentlemen are dedicated to a proposition which was true in my time, just as it's true today. Be excellent to each other. And party on, dudes!
I'm going to take my time. I have all the time in the world.
I enjoy talking to you. Your mind appeals to me. It resembles my own mind except that you happen to be insane.
You know what nobody's mentioned? Is that this is supposed to be the greatest army in the world, and you couldn't even kill the three of us. I gotta tell ya, I'm not impressed.
Sometimes I wake up by the door, that heart you caught must be waiting for you. Even now when we're already over I can't help myself from looking for you.
It's no sacrifice. Just a simple word. It's two hearts living in two separate worlds. Mutual misunderstanding after the fact. Sensitivity builds a prison in the final act.
The only message I got was from the company that holds my student loan, Sallie Mae. Sallie Mae sounds like a naive and barefoot hillbilly girl but in fact they are a ruthless and aggressive conglomeration of bullies located in a tall brick building somewhere in Kansas. I picture it to be the tallest building in that state and I have decided they hire their employees straight out of prison.
If you want to leave, take good care. Hope you have a lot of nice things to wear, but then a lot of nice things turn bad out there.
In Ghana agriculture accounts for 35% of GDP and 36% of export earnings and employs more than 60% of the labour force. Given the sector's initial size and its importance for incomes and foreign exchange earnings, agriculture is likely to play a key role in Ghana's economic transformation.
I think you need something. And if you want to call it a friend, you can call it a friend.
You're horrible. You make up this storey about demons talking to you through plastic animals when nothing talks to you just like nothing talks to me.
The midnight gang's assembled and picked a rendezvous for the night. They'll meet 'neath that giant Exxon sign that brings this fair city light. Man, there's an opera out on the Turnpike, there's a ballet being fought out in the alley, until the local cops, Cherry-Tops, rips this holy night. The street's alive as secret debts are paid, contacts made, they flash unseen. Kids flash guitars just like switchblades hustling for the record machine. The hungry and the hunted explode into rock 'n' roll bands. That face off against each other out in the street down in Jungleland.
I don't ever want to feel like I did that day. Take me to the place I love, take me all the way.
Duty bound, Aeneas, though he struggled with desire to calm and comfort her in all her pain, to speak to her and turn her mind from grief, and though he sighed his heart out, shaken still with love of her, yet took the course heaven gave him and turned back to the fleet.
Surveys show that the #1 fear of Americans is public speaking. #2 is death. Death is #2. That means that at a funeral, the average American would rather be in the casket than doing the eulogy.
Directories contain elements that describe objects in the world, such as computers, folders, objects, managed resources, and even people. These elements have names and, like the fields in a database, changing values.
Let us take a typical day with the gunners. Photographs or cinematographs are entirely unsatisfactory in giving any idaea of the "movement" of a battery going into action. There is the rattle of the gun-carriages, like a running accompaniment of rifle fire; the jingle of the harness; the splendid, strenuous, willing pull of the horses straining against their collars. They know all about it, these bright-eyed beasts quivering with life and work, and want no whip or spur until the work of tugging over the broken ground under a sweltering sun staggers them under the strain.
You won't kill me out of some misplaced sense of self-righteousness. And I won't kill you because you're just too much fun. I think you and I are destined to do this forever.
Oh, no, sir. I'm sorry, sir. I could never answer to a whistle. Whistles are for dogs and cats and other animals, but not for children and definitely not for me. It would be too humiliating.
Psychologists often speak of the denial of an unthinkable evil or a misplacement of shared fears, anxieties taking the form of a hideous monster for whom the most horrific human attributes can be ascribed. What we can't possibly imagine ourselves capable of we can blame of the ogre, on the hunchback, on the lowly half-breed. Common sense alone will tell you that these legends, these unverified rumours, are ridiculous.
My brother has his sword, King Robert has his war hammer and I have my mind, and a mind needs books as a sword needs a whetstone if it is to keep its edge. That's why I read so much Jon Snow.
They say that right after God created man, he took a rib from him and made a chick. That's actually a bit of a creation myth - the truth is, after God saw that man was good, he created another man and saw that it was all good.
Our prematurity brought a second big advantage: it forced us to communicate. A newborn human is so helpless that it cannot survive without communicating its needs. Many babies died in the past. But some babies were better at signalling their needs, and some mothers were better at interpreting the signals. Babies who got their needs met lived to pass on their genes and their mother's genes. We were thus naturally selected for the ability to communicate.
There's a stark difference between the words 'prodigy' and 'genius.' Prodigies can very quickly learn what other people have already figured out; geniuses discover that which no one has ever previously discovered. Prodigies learn; geniuses do.
Herbert, I do not need a computerised service to help me find girls. I meet 'em the old-fashioned way: I pick them up in bars.
He had changed since his New Haven years. Now he was a sturdy, straw haired man of thirty with a rather hard mouth and a supercilious manner. Two shining, arrogant eyes had established dominance over his face and gave him the appearance of always leaning aggressively forward.
I go down to Speaker's Corner. I'm thunderstruck. They got free speech, tourists, police in trucks. Two men say they're Jesus, one of them must be wrong. There's a protest singer singing a protest song.
To pass beyond is what I seek, I fear that I may be too weak. And those are few who've seen it through to glimpse the other side, the promised land is waiting like a maiden that is soon to be a bride.
I'll dive in the sky. Oh, the waters alive! I'll float down to soak in the stars. Swim away from the night. I am swallowed by light. Suddenly, love doesn't seem very far.
Consider this: Is the pious being loved by the gods because it is pious, or is it pious because it is being loved by the Gods?
I can't believe the things I see. The path that I have chosen now has led me to a wall, and with each passing day I feel a little more like something dear was lost.
We have faced our enemies a thousand times or even more; still, they cannot make us kneel. One thousand years of constant war! The giants look for any chance to bring down Asgaard's mighty walls. No matter what they send at us, we will never let it fall!
There was a high piercing shriek. Tim looked back to see the baby in the jaws of the adult. A second velociraptor came forward and tore at the limbs of the infant, trying to pull it from the mouth of the first. The two raptors fought over the baby as it squealed. Blood splattered in large drops onto the floor.
It's taken me a lot of years, but I've come around to this: If you're dumb, surround yourself with smart people. And if you're smart, surround yourself with smart people who disagree with you. I'm an awfully smart man, and Mike Sabath is an idiot. He had you and he blew it. You're gonna do great here but you've gotta trust us.
Your inner child will be happy to know that when it comes to wine, it's okay to like some colours more than others. You can't get away with saying "I don't like green food!" much beyond your sixth birthday, but you can express a general preference for white, red, or pink wine for all your adult life.
For a moment the last sunshine fell with romantic affection upon her glowing face; her voice compelled me forward breathlessly as I listened - then the glow faded, each light deserting her with lingering regret, like children leaving a pleasant street at dusk.
Some people thought we were at war with the Germans - incorrect. We were at war with the clock. Britain was literally starving to death. The Americans sent over 100,000 pounds of food each week, and every week the Germans would send our desperately needed bread to the bottom of the ocean. Our daily failure was announced at the chimes of midnight. And the sound would haunt our unwelcome dreams.
But this rough magic I here abjure, and when I have required some heavenly music, which even now I do, to work mine end upon their senses that this airy charm is for, I'll break my staff, bury it certain fathoms in the earth, and deeper than did ever plummet sound I'll drown my book.
For more than a year, ominous rumours had been privately circulating among high-level Western leaders that the Soviet Union had been at work on what was darkly hinted to be the ultimate weapon: a doomsday device. Intelligence sources traced the site of the top secret Russian project to the perpetually fog-shrouded wasteland below the Arctic peaks of the Zhokhov Islands. What they were building or why it should be located in such a remote and desolate place no one could say.
The Bluebird of Happiness long absent from his life, Ned is visited by the Chicken of Depression.
You should just get a van. With a van, it's like you've got an MBA - but you've also got a van. You're not just a man anymore. You are a man with a van. If you get a van, Jez, we could be men with ven.
Ah, hello, Mr. O'Reilly. How are you this morning? Oh, good, good. No rare diseases, or anything? Oh, I do beg your pardon: Basil Fawlty, you remember? The poor sod you do jobs for? Well now, how are things your end? Oh, good. Good, good, good. Well now, how would you like to hear about things my end? Oh, well, up to your usual standard I think I can say. A few holes in the floor, the odd door missing; but nothing you can't be sued for.
When you work as a spy, it's easy to think of people as assets - resources to accomplish a goal - because you don't have a personal relationship with an asset. You don't care about an asset. You don't miss the scent of an asset when she leaves the room.
Of course, as you all know, the photo portrait has been popular since the early 1800's. Your generation was not the first to use images for selfie-expression. Sorry. I couldn't resist. The point remains that the portraiture has always been a vital aspect of art, and photography, for as long as it's been around.
I don't want you to think of this as just a film - some process of converting electrons and magnetic impulses into shapes and figures and sounds. No. Listen to me. We're here to make a dent in the universe. Otherwise, why even be here? We're creating a completely new consciousness, like an artist or poet. That's how you have to think of this. We're rewriting the history of human thought with what we're doing.
We all carry around so much pain in our hearts. Love and pain and beauty. They all seem to go together like one little tidy confusing package. It's a messy business, life. It's hard to figure - full of surprises. Some good. Some bad.
The oracles of God foretold the rising of an Antichrist in the Christian Church: and in the Pope of Rome, all the characteristics of that Antichrist are so marvellously answered that if any who read the Scriptures do not see it, there is a marvellous blindness upon them.
While on the set of Wrench, Tobias had snuck into the costume closet and disguised himself as an English nanny in an attempt to see his daughter and prove to his wife he had what it took to become a successful actor. It was the exact same plot as Mrs. Doubtfire...
We're no strangers to love. You know the rules and so do I. A full commitment's what I'm thinking of. You wouldn't get this from any other guy. I just wanna tell you how I'm feeling. Gotta make you understand. Never gonna give you up. Never gonna let you down. Never gonna run around and desert you. Never gonna make you cry. Never gonna say goodbye. Never gonna tell a lie and hurt you.
Remember before when I was talking about smelly garbage standing around being useless? That was a metaphor. I was actually talking about you.
I'm so in love with you. And I hope you know, darling, your love is more than worth its weight in gold. We've come so far my dear. Look how we've grown. And I wanna stay with you until we're grey and old. Just say you won't let go.
We don't read and write poetry because it's cute. We read and write poetry because we are members of the human race. And the human race is filled with passion. And medicine, law, business, engineering, these are noble pursuits and necessary to sustain life. But poetry, beauty, romance, love, these are what we stay alive for.
'Cos tonight for the first time at just about half past ten, for the first time in history it's gonna start raining men. It's raining men! Hallelujah it's raining men, amen!
We passionately long that there may be another life in which we shall be similar to what we are here below. But we do not pause to reflect that, even without waiting for that other life, in this life, after a few years we are unfaithful to what we have been, to what we wished to remain immortally.
Among the Sioux Indians of South Dakota, it is regarded as incorrect to answer a question in the presence of others who do not know the answer. Such behaviour would be regarded as boastful and arrogant, and, since it reveals the ignorance of others, it would be interpreted as an attempt to undermine their confidence and shame them. In addition, the Sioux regard it as wrong to answer a question unless they are absolutely sure of the correct answer. Faced with a classroom of Sioux children, a white American teacher who is unaware of their culture might easily interpret their behaviour as a reflection of ignorance, stupidity or hostility.
To be fond of dancing was a certain step towards falling in love.
The Protozoa, or one-celled animals, belonged to an unknown world before the invention of the microscope. The first of these instruments enabled the early observers to see some of the larger and more conspicuous members of the group and each improvement of the microscope has enabled us to see more and more of them and to study in detail not only the structure but to follow the life-history of many of them.
I only lose my fear when I run. I won't lose a tear when I run. I won't find a heart so I run. And now the time is right so we run.
In that theory, when blood was predominant, the person was sanguine, characterised as good-natured and cheerful; black bile underlay the melancholic individual who tended to be anxious and moody; a readiness to be angry and irritable, due to too much yellow bile, marked the choleric; and when phlegm predominated, the person was phlegmatic, or easygoing and slow to become aroused.
I felt despair. The word's overused and banalified now, despair, but it's a serious word, and I'm using it seriously. For me it denotes a simple admixture - a weird yearning for death combined with a crushing sense of my own smallness and futility that presents as a fear of death.
At first they had tried to keep the finding quiet. After all, they were not absolutely sure it was an extraterrestrial message.
Chrono did not have a sense of futility and disorder. Everything seemed in apple-pie order to him. And the boy himself participated fitly in that perfect order. He took his good-luck piece from his pocket, dropped it without regret to the sand, dropped it among Salo's scattered parts. Sooner or later, Chrono believed, the magical forces of the Universe would put everything back together again. They always did.
One day you're in a funk about things, telling a friend that years of evidence point to the conclusion that you will be single for the rest of your life. That night you meet someone, and a year later you're engaged to be married.
Conceptually, to communicate, procedures must send messages to one another, just as people meet. According to one way, procedures talk to others by handing them some values and receiving some values in return. One reasonable name for this method of communication is the "private-line method," since only the calling procedure and the called procedure see the communication.
I remember that I'm invisible and walk softly so as to not awaken the sleeping ones. Sometimes it is best not to awaken them; there are few things in the world as dangerous as sleepwalkers.
The green eyes, you're the one that I wanted to find and anyone who tried to deny you, must be out of their mind.
What do you care what I think anyway? I don't even count, right? I could disappear forever and it wouldn't make any difference. I might as well not even exist at this school, remember?
The alternative to binge travel entails relocating to one place for one to six months before going home. Rather than seeking to see the world, we aim to experience it at a speed that lets it change us.
Nothing. It was like being deep in outer space, so far away from everything else that he couldn't even see any stars.
And, thus, we could transform those dark days of humanity into a triumph of the human spirit, of modern humanitarianism.
A few light taps upon the pane made him turn to the window. It had begun to snow again. He watched sleepily the flakes, silver and dark, falling obliquely against the lamplight.
I took a walk along last night, I looked up at the stars to try and find an answer in my life. I chose a star for me, I chose a star for him, I chose two stars for my kids and one star for my wife.
Just sleep together in the most innocent sense of the phrase. But I lacked the courage and she had a boyfriend and I was gawky and she was gorgeous and I was hopelessly boring and she was endlessly fascinating. So I walked back to my room and collapsed on the bottom bunk, thinking that if people were rain, I was drizzle and she was hurricane.
I open up the paper. There's a storey of an actor who had died while he was drinking. He was no one I had heard of. And I'm turning to the horoscope and looking for the funnies when I'm feeling someone watching me.
With forty-six Chinese, fourteen Japanese, eighteen Mexican, and only two Thai restaurants, Atlanta was a city still characterised by "all-American" food.
God, we have not spoken this long or as often as we should. I've often been about other business. If I wanted forgiveness I should ask for it, but for all that I have done and for all that I am yet to do, there can be no forgiveness. And yet I think I'm not an evil man. Evil men pray louder, seek penance, and stick themselves closer to Heaven than I am. I shall not see its gates Lord. Nor hear your sweet words of salvation. I have seen eternity, I swear. But it was in dream and in the morning all was gone. I know myself for what I am. And I throw my poor soul upon your forgiveness, in the full knowledge that I deserve none at your loving hands.
Finally, gentlemen, there are people with an hereditary animus against private property. I tell you that you cannot entice a true thief, and thief by vocation, into the prose of honest vegetation by any gingerbread reward, or by the offer of a secure position, or by the gift of money, or by a woman's love: because there is here a permanent beauty of risk, a fascinating abyss of danger, the delightful sinking of the heart, the impetuous pulsation of life, the ecstasy!
The disposal facility includes a hardened underground base. Even with our most advanced intelligence gathering equipment, we can't tell what's happening inside.
The enemy is anybody who's going to get you killed, no matter which side he is on.
The number of servings per day that is right for you depends on the amount of calories you need to maintain your best weight. The USDA recommends the following calorie levels per day: 1600 calories for many sedentary women and some older adults; 2200 calories for most children, teenage girls, active women and many sedentary men; and 2800 calories for teenage boys, many active men and some very active women.
Show them how to fly away, when this world is torn. If you feel like dying, lose that forever, you're shining and it shows.
How can an Image-Fiction writer hope to make people more critical of televisual culture by parodying television as a self-serving commercial enterprise when Pepsi and Subaru and FedEx parodies of self-serving commercials are already doing big business?
The rotten tiles broke with a noise of disaster and the man barely had time to let out a cry of terror as he cracked his skull and was killed outright on the cement floor. The foreigners who heard the noise in the dining room and hastened to remove the body noticed the suffocating odour of Remedios the Beauty on his skin. It was so deep in his body that the cracks in his skull did not give off blood but an amber-coloured oil that was impregnated with that secret perfume, and then they understood that the smell of Remedios the Beauty kept on torturing the men beyond death, right down to the dust of their bones.
Rummaging in our souls, we often dig up something that ought to have lain there unnoticed.
I like them, I like them! I liked them first! Before I even met them I liked them! As soon as I met them I liked them right away! You hate them compared to how much I like them!
Mr. Van Doren, I'm also from New York, a different part of New York. I'm happy that you made the statement but I cannot agree with most of my colleagues. You see, I don't think an adult of your intelligence ought to be commended for simply, at long last, telling the truth.
You looked on amazed, and began to suspect yourself of being deaf - then the night came suddenly, and struck you blind as well. About three in the morning some large fish leaped, and the loud splash made me jump as though a gun had been fired.
Yes, not only humans but also every other organism in the cosmos, as well as the planets or moons on which they thrive, would not exist but for the wreckage of spent stars. So you're made of detritus. Get over it. Or better yet, celebrate it. After all, what nobler thought can one cherish than that the universe lives within us all?
It was an effect of light: quick sunlight dappling, yellow leaves falling (but from what? Were there even trees on West Fifty-seventh Street?), a shower of gold, spangled, very fast, a falling of the bright. Later I watched for this effect on similar bright days but never again experienced it. I wondered then if it had been a seizure, or stroke of some kind.
If all these dreams might find their way into my day to day scene I'd be under the impression I was somewhere in between. Not so many things we got to do or places we got to be.
There was a stage and a PA up in western Massachusetts and the kids came from miles around to get messed up on the music. And she drove down from Bowdoin with a carload of girlfriends, to meet some boys and maybe eat some mushrooms. And they did, and she got sick, and now she's pinned and way too shaky.
You there, my friend. Come, let me hold you. Now, with a sigh you grow warm in my hand, my friend, my clever friend. Rest now, my friends. Soon I'll unfold you. Soon you'll know splendours you never have dreamt all your days, my lucky friends. Till now your shine was merely silver. Friends, you shall drip rubies.
The car has stopped. Vinny: "What have you stopped here for? What's wrong with that space over there?" Tyrone: "It's too tight." Vinny: "What are you talking about, tight? You could land a jumbo jet in there!"
Again, I go back to the working really hard to get someone else a piece thing. The payoff is never gonna be as great for you as it is for them. Don't you think you've been using these birds to avoid interacting with your own species for long enough?
A little boy went out to play. When he opened his door, he saw the world. As he passed through the doorway, he caused a reflection. Evil was born, and followed the boy.
Many rivers to cross but I can't seem to find my way over. Wandering, I am lost as I travel along the white cliffs of Dover. Many rivers to cross and it's only my will that keeps me alive.
Whether you're a student, secretary, office administrator, manager, computer programmer, or engineer, typing is an invaluable skill. It's a skill that can open doors and enhance your career opportunities.
You must learn some of my philosophy. Think only of the past as its remembrance gives you pleasure.
It's been raining since you left me, now I'm drowning in the flood. You see I've always been a fighter, but without you I give up.
Girls in white dresses with blue satin sashes, snowflakes that stay on my nose and eyelashes, silver-white winters that melt into springs, these are a few of my favourite things.
We've become bored with watching actors give us phony emotions. We are tyred of pyrotechnics and special effects. While the world he inhabits is, in some respects, counterfeit, there's nothing fake about Truman himself. No scripts, no cue cards. It isn't always Shakespeare, but it's genuine. It's a life.
Myths explain the origins of the world or how human customs came to be.
Seven of my guys are going to be off today 'cause it's a Jewish holiday and I'm gonna have to do all their jobs. What really gets me is that I don't think they're all Jewish... two of them are black and one's an Indian.
Imagine a vast sheet of paper on which straight Lines, Triangles, Squares, Pentagons, Hexagons, and other figures, instead of remaining fixed in their places, move freely about, on or in the surface, but without the power of rising above or sinking below it, very much like shadows - only hard and with luminous edges - and you will then have a pretty correct notion of my country and countrymen.
Everything in my own immediate experience supports my deep belief that I am the absolute centre of the universe, the realest, most vivid and important person in existence.
You're gentrifying. Soon, the skinny jeans will show up, then the skinny lattes, and then the bankers. And you'll be somewhere else starting the cycle all over again. Maybe you're not a classic garden variety hipster, but you're what the hipsters aspire to be. You, Trevor, are the proto-hipster.
I can have a reporter out here in twenty minutes, with cameras, asking why you are persecuting an innocent, handicapped, Congressional Medal of Honour winner. Perhaps because he's a well-known conservative Republican and you are considering a bid on the Democratic ticket next year? Just to be clear, that was me threatening you.
The FitnessGram Pacer Test is a multistage aerobic capacity test that progressively gets more difficult as it continues. The 20 metre pacer test will begin in 30 seconds. Line up at the start. The running speed starts slowly, but gets faster each minute after you hear this signal: [beep].
It is not at all easy to draw a sharp line between cases where what is happening could be called "addition", and where some other word is wanted. If you think about the question, you will probably come up with some criterion involving separation of the objects in space, and making sure each one is clearly distinguishable from all the others. But then how could one count ideas? Or the number of gases comprising the atmosphere?
There'll always be the argument that video games are meant to be played for fun. Believe me, some of it's a lot of fun. Video games are meant to be played at home, relaxing on a couch amongst friends. And they are, and that's fun. But competitive gaming, when you wanna attach your name to a world record, when you want your name written into history, you have to pay the price.
Nothing drives people to the church faster than the thought of the Devil snapping at their heels. Maybe that was God's plan all along, why He created him, allowed him to fall from grace - to become a symbol to be feared, a warning to us all to tread the path of the righteous.
The Mexican embassy on Washington, DC's Pennsylvania Avenue was unusually busy in winter 1934-35. Telegraphs chattered and telephones rang, typewriters rhythmically punctuated the din, and clerks and attaches rushed - even more frantically than usual - through the halls on their business.
There exists in human nature a strong propensity to depreciate the advantages, and to magnify the evils, of the present times.
The rate of progress is so rapid that what one learns at school or university is always a bit out of date. Only a few people can keep up with the rapidly advancing frontier of knowledge, and they have to devote their whole time to it and specialise in a small area. The rest of the population has little idaea of the advances that are being made or the excitement they are generating.
Now this is a storey all about how my life got flipped turned upside down, and I'd like to take a minute, just sit right there I'll tell you how I became the prince of a town called Bael-Air. In West Philadelphia, born and raised on the playground is where I spent most of my days. Chillin' out, maxin', relaxin' all cool and all shootin' some b-ball outside of the school when a couple of guys who were up to no good started makin' trouble in my neighbourhood. I got in one little fight and my mom got scared and said "You're movin' with your auntie and uncle in Bael-Air."
My baby's fit like a daydream, walking with his hair down, I'm the one he's walking to. So call it what you want, yeah, call it what you want to. My baby's fly like a jet stream, high above the whole scene, loves me like I'm brand new. So call it what you want, yeah, call it what you want to.
I've been down, now I'm blessed. I felt a revelation coming around. I guess it's right, it's so amazing, every time I see you I'm alive. You're all I've got, you lift me up. The sun and the moonlight, all my dreams are in your eyes.
All right, you primitive screw-heads, listen up! See this? This... is my boomstick! - It's a twelve-gauge, double-barrelled Remington. S-Mart's top of the line. You can find this in the sporting goods department. That's right, this sweet baby was made in Grand Rapids, Michigan. Retails for about $109.95. It's got a walnut stock, cobalt-blue steel, and a hair trigger. That's right... shop smart: shop S-Mart... Ya got that?!
Why is it that when one man builds a wall, the next man immediately needs to know what's on the other side?
You're not a mech, but you're enough of a machine to need repair bots now and then. If you used up some bioelectric energy getting through the dark area, for example, this contraption can charge you back up.
Most Americans do not own passports. They're not a naturally curious people. If you were to lock an American for sixty years in an empty underground bunker which contained nothing but a woolly tea cosy, the American would not even be curious enough to be tempted to see if the tea cosy would make a serviceable hat. They're far more likely to arrest the tea cosy, intern it illegally in Guantanamo Bay...
The way I see it, every life is a pile of good things and bad things. The good things don't always soften the bad things, but vice versa the bad things don't always spoil the good things or make them unimportant. And we definitely added to his pile of good things.
Now, I'm going to give you three simple rules. First, trust no one, whatever his uniform or rank, unless he is known to you personally. Second, anyone or anything that approaches within 200 yards of the perimeter is to be fired upon. Third, if in doubt, shoot first then ask questions afterwards.
I thought back on my running career at Oregon. I'd competed with, and against, men far better, faster, more physically gifted. Many were future Olympians. And yet I'd trained myself to forget this unhappy fact. People reflexively assume that competition is always a good thing, that it always brings out the best in people, but that's only true of people who can forget the competition. The art of competing, I'd learnt from track, was the art of forgetting, and I now reminded myself of that fact. You must forget your limits. You must forget your doubts, your pain, your past.
Other teams speak of Network in hushed tones and concoct conspiracy theories to explain their success. Network uses computers to communicate with thousands of experts nationwide, who answer the questions for them. Network enforces military-like discipline during the contest to keep players on strict sleep and duty schedules. Network gets the answers fed to them straight from the Oz, who (this part is true) first hooked the Network guys on trivia while he was their ninth-grade algebra teacher.
You have a class of young strong men and women, and they want to give their lives to something. Advertising has these people chasing cars and clothes they don't need. Generations have been working in jobs they hate, just so they can buy what they don't really need.
Children are blameless. I have never hurt them. Your boy is in no immediate danger, this I swear to you. But between us, dear, you did conspire to kill the Queen's soldiers. We both know the penalty for that crime. How will poor Dhom get on without his mother? And with his breathing problem?
You don't care about anything except you. You just want to persuade people that you love 'em so much that they ought to love you back. Only you want love on your own terms. Something to be played your way, according to your rules.
My mama always said, "Life was like a box of chocolates. You never know what you're gonna get."
All right, if this guy just took advantage of a natural accident to sell me twenty-four cans of nothing, I'm going to applaud his creative entrepreneurial spirit and then kill him.
At first we were silent, but finally we considered ourselves under the necessity of protesting against such an unjust and serious accusation, before the face of the whole of intellectual society.
I don't want to talk about the things we've gone through. Though it's hurting me, now it's history. I've played all my cards and that's what you've done too. Nothing more to say, no more ace to play.
Don't you know what it means to me to be a Marine, Dad? Ever since I was a kid I've wanted this - I've wanted to serve my country - and I want to go. I want to go to Vietnam and I'll die there if I have to.
Now there are all kinds of ideas that would be fun to believe in: mental telepathy, time travel, immortality, even Santa Claus. Now I know it's no fun to go home and say: "Guess what happened! I was in a shopping centre. There was this tremendously bright light, and I rushed outside, and it was an aeroplane."
I wanted to understand as much as I could about the procedure as possible. I think it's important for my job to understand the inner workings of the work that we do, well not that I do, but the work that is done by people where I also work, the work of my colleagues.
I walked away and left him standing there in the moonlight watching over nothing.
So ran the speech. Burdened and sick at heart, he feigned hope in his look, and inwardly contained his anguish. Aeneas, more than any, secretly mourned for them all.
The stuff we call "software" is not like anything that human society is used to thinking about. Software is something like a machine, and something like mathematics, and something like language, and something like thought, and art, and information... But software is not in fact any of those other things.
Ah, the lengthening hours in the refinery, belching fire into the sky. We do our best vampire routines as we suck the dying hours dry. The night is lovely as a rose. If I saw sunlight hit you, I am sure that we'll both decompose. Ah, the fitful sleep and the fire engines that I dream of when I dream some day we'll both wake up for good. I will try hard not to scream. The evening winds will shake the blinds, you are stirring from your slumber. We've got something hateful on our minds.
You're in charge of the last of the Truffula Seeds. And Truffula Trees are what everyone needs. Plant a new Truffula. Treat it with care. Give it clean water. And feed it fresh air. Grow a forest. Protect it from axes that hack. Then the Lorax and all of his friends may come back.
Remember before when I was talking about smelly garbage standing around being useless? That was a metaphor. I was actually talking about you. And I'm sorry. You didn't react at the time so I was worried it sailed right over your head. That's why I had to call you garbage a second time just now.
We all have too many wheels, screws and valves to judge each other on first impressions or one or two pointers. I don't understand you, you don't understand me and we don't understand ourselves.
We have advantages. We have a cushion to fall back on. This is abundance. A luxury of place and time. Something rare and wonderful. It's almost historically unprecedented. We must do extraordinary things. We have to. It would be absurd not to.
We sat and drank with the sun on our shoulders and felt like free men. Hell, we could have been tarring the roof of one of our own houses. We were the lords of all creation. As for Andy - he spent that break hunkered in the shade, a strange little smile on his face, watching us drink his beer.
This is the most stupid, irresponsible, dangerous thing you have ever done! Is this what you want? Will we have to identify your charred little bodies through their dental records? I want a straight answer! Who did this?
My old man back in Chicago, when I was a kid... He used to lock me in the basement when he'd go on a bender. Usually last the night. Let me out the next day. Thought he was keeping me safe, I guess. This one time, I was six - he puts me down there. I wake up and it's locked. It had happened before. Anyways, so I guess he ended up arrested, I guess.
No. Why should your Majesty expect it? My own plans are made. While I can, I sail east in the Dawn Treader. When she fails me, I paddle east in my coracle. When she sinks, I shall swim east with my four paws. And when I can swim no longer, if I have not reached Aslan's country, or shot over the edge of the world in some vast cataract, I shall sink with my nose to the sunrise and Peepiceek will be head of the talking mice in Narnia.
Intrigued by that enigma, he dug so deeply into her sentiments that in search of interest he found love, because by trying to make her love him he ended up falling in love with her.
We're all old enough to know better than to toy with the hearts of children.
There are usually three types of people I deal with when selecting a participant. First, there's the very willing participant who came to see me hoping he'd be selected. Second, there's the wise guy who wants to prove he can't be hypnotised. Third, there's the person who simply wants to enjoy the show. It's up to me to select the right candidate.
From compositional considerations the tomato layer would be expected to have a relatively high heat capacity and low conductance. It thus serves as a buffer between the mozzarella and the baked dough.
Don't get me wrong, I love who I am I don't wanna be ungrateful, it probably sounds strange. I really love the role I play, the songs I sing. But with all the fame the things that seem so simple, suddenly, so far out of reach. Wish that they could see the underneath, I'm just an ordinary girl! Sometimes I'm lazy. I get bored. I get scared. I feel ignored. I feel happy, I get silly. I choke on my own words. I make wishes, I have dreams. And I still want to believe. Anything can happen in this world, for an ordinary girl.
Athos now stepped forward. As he gazed at his former wife he shuddered as a man shudders at the sight of a snake. 'Here's my charge against this woman,' he said. 'I married her when she was a girl, against my family's wishes; I gave her my name and a share in all my worldly goods. One day I discovered she was branded, marked with a fleur-dae-lis on her left shoulder.' At this Milady sprang to her feet and cried: 'I defy anyone to find the court which imposed that wicked sentence on me. And I defy anyone to find the man who executed it.'
The development of a living body of literature became indicative of an advanced culture and are always correlated with advances in science, philosophy, theology, and art.
Summer's going fast, nights growing colder. Children growing up, old friends growing older. Freeze this moment a little bit longer. Make each sensation a little bit stronger. Experience slips away. Experience slips away. The innocence slips away.
The Bourg is the ultimate user. They're unlike any threat your Federation has ever faced. They're not interested in political conquest, wealth, or power as you know it. They're simply interested in your ship. Its technology. They've identified it as something they can consume.
When the greatest hero of my party Abraham Lincoln debated he didn't need any rules. He wasn't afraid of a real debate.
It is tragic and sad and chaotic and lovely. All life is the same, as citizens of the human State: the animating limits are within, to be killed and mourned, over and over again.
But I believe in true love, you know? I don't believe that everybody gets to keep their eyes or not get sick or whatever, but everybody should have true love, and it should last at least as long as your life does.
You can choose a ready guide in some celestial voice. If you choose not to decide, you still have made a choice. You can choose from phantom fears and kindness that can kill. I will choose a path that's clear. I will choose freewill.
What if he shows up with another woman? What if one of my sleeves catches on fire and it spreads rapidly? What if instead of tic tacs I accidentally pop a couple of Ambien and I have to keep punching my leg to stay awake?
Beautiful, isn't it? It took me half a lifetime to invent it. I'm sure you've discovered my deep and abiding interest in pain. Presently I'm writing the definitive work on the subject so I want you to be totally honest with me on how the machine makes you feel. This being our first try, I'll use the lowest setting.
Give me your tyred, your poor, Your huddled masses yearning to breathe free, The wretched refuse of your teeming shore. Send these, the homeless, tempest-tost to me, I lift my lamp beside the golden door!
The paint and paper look as if a boys' school had used it. It is stripped off - the paper - in great patches all around the head of my bed, about as far as I can reach, and in a great place on the other side of the room low down. I never saw a worse paper in my life. One of those sprawling flamboyant patterns committing every artistic sin.
You're worth more dead than alive! Why don't you go to the riffraff you love so much and ask them to let you have $8,000? You know why? Because they'd run you out of town on a rail. But I'll tell you what I'm going to do for you, George. Since the state examiner is still here, as a stockholder of the Building and Loan, I'm going to swear out a warrant for your arrest. Misappropriation of funds, manipulation, malfeasance... All right, George, go ahead! You can't hide in a little town like this!
If one has only one good memory left in one's heart, that may sometime be the means of saving us.
This is not a psychotic breakdown; it's a cleansing moment of clarity.
All at once we were madly, clumsily, shamelessly, agonisingly in love with each other; hopelessly, I should add, because that frenzy of mutual possession might have been assuaged only by our actually imbibing and assimilating every particle of each other's soul and flesh; but there we were, unable even to mate as slum children would have so easily found an opportunity to do so.
Now as to you poor devils? So as I see it, when it comes to the subject of what to do next, you gentlemen have two choices. One: once I'm gone, you could lift that beast off the remaining Speck, then carry him to the nearest town. Which would be at least 37 miles back the way you came. Or two: you could unshackle yourselves, take that rifle, put a bullet in his head, bury the two of them deep, and then make your way to a more enlightened area of this country. The choice is yours.
Attention captive test subjects! The Institute for Mad Science has sent me my first experiment to inflict on you. Now, let's do it right so I can get to the real mad scientist stuff like pulling the heads off monkeys.
It's time to kick arse and chew bubble gum... and I'm all outta gum.
That's what pain does. It shows you what was on the inside, and inside of you is pure gold. I know that. Your father knew that too.
A hero can be anyone. Even a man doing something as simple and reassuring as putting a coat around a young boy's shoulders to let him know that the world hadn't ended.
Many introverted hackers who are next to inarticulate in person communicate with considerable fluency over the net, perhaps precisely because they can forget on an unconscious level that they are dealing with people and thus don't feel as stressed and anxious as they would face-to-face.
Few of us make any serious effort to remember what we read. When I read a book, what do I hope will stay with me a year later? If it's a work of nonfiction, the thesis, maybe, if the book has one. A few savoury details, perhaps. If it's fiction, the broadest outline of the plot, something about the main characters (at least their names), and an overall critical judgement about the book. Even these are likely to fade. Looking up at my shelves, at the books that have drained so many of my waking hours, is always a dispiriting experience.
Oh bliss! Bliss and heaven! Oh, it was gorgeousness and gorgeousity made flesh. It was like a bird of rarest-spun heaven metal or like silvery wine flowing in a spaceship, gravity all nonsense now. As I slooshied, I knew such lovely pictures!
I took a wrong turn on the way to the bathroom and found myself in a beautifully proportioned room I had never seen before, containing a really rather magnificent collection of chamberpots. When I went back to investigate more closely, I discovered that the room had vanished. But I must keep an eye out for it. Possibly it is only accessible at five thirty in the morning. Or it may only appear at the quarter moon - or when the seeker has an exceptionally full bladder.
Lonely people tend, rather, to be lonely because they decline to bear the psychic costs of being around other humans. They are allergic to people. People affect them too strongly.
Chance and chance alone has a message for us. Everything that occurs out of necessity, everything expected, repeated day in and day out, is mute.
At the doorway on my heart all the leaves are falling down, and though I try to pick them up there's so many I think I'll drown. Ten days have come and gone, ten days and I'm all alone, and all that I can do is pray and pray.
Almira Gulch, just because you own half the county doesn't mean that you have the power to run the rest of us. For twenty-three years, I've been dying to tell you what I thought of you! And now... well, being a Christian woman, I can't say it!
Kids, there's nothing more cool than being hugged by someone you like. But if someone tries to touch you in a place or in a way that makes you feel uncomfortable, that's no good! It's your body. No one has the right to touch you if you don't want them to. So what do you do? First, you say 'No!' Then, you get outta there! Most important, you gotta tell someone you trust, like your parents, your teacher, a police officer.
Of course it is in your head Harry, but why should that mean it isn't real?
I would like to be President someday, so no, I have not smoked marijuana. I ate a brownie once at a party in college. It was intense. It was kind of indescribable actually. I felt like I was floating. Turns out there wasn't any pot in the brownie, it was just an insanely good brownie.
For instance, last Monday, he told me to have the Great Wall torn down, since it's a symbol of ancient tyranny. On Tuesday, I reported that all 1,500 miles had been dismantled. Then on Thursday, he told me he had had second thoughts, and that he wanted the wall rebuilt at once. Friday night, I told him that I had personally directed the mobilisation of 20 million workers, and that the entire Wall had been restored to its former condition. Actually I spent the whole week watching T.V., but he thinks I'm a genius.
"This man right here," McGuinness said, pointing at Kenna, "he's going to change the world." That was his instinctive feeling, and the manager of a band like U2 is a man who knows music.
I have no idaea to this day what those two Italian ladies were singing about. Truth is, I don't want to know. Some things are best left unsaid. I'd like to think they were singing about something so beautiful, it can't be expressed in words, and makes your heart ache because of it.
Prior to the 1970's, because the United States had long been the world's number one producer of petroleum, American companies determined the global price of oil. In 1972, domestic oil production peaked and then began its inexorable, irreversible decline. The year before, the prerogative of setting the price of crude oil had passed into the hands of a new producer group, the Organisation of the Petroleum Exporting Countries.
Young man, there's no need to feel down. I said, young man, pick yourself off the ground. I said, young man, 'cause you're in a new town, there's no need to be unhappy.
Come on, kid, don't fool around. Just let your hand drop to your side and the gun slip out. Everyone will still think you've got it. They're gonna be staring at your face, Mike. So walk out of the place real fast, but you don't run. Don't look nobody directly in the eye, but don't look away either. They're gonna be scared of you, believe me, so don't worry about nothing.
You can't see the changes we see, we who have been with him for so long. Do you think any of us want to look into his eyes for the next hundred years if he loses you?
She looked terrific. I said to myself, "Maybe she's going to be in the Spanish class - that'll be great!" But no, she walked into the Portuguese class. So I figured, what the hell - I might as well learn Portuguese.
"Mad Dog Time" is the first movie I have seen that does not improve on the sight of a blank screen viewed for the same length of time. Oh, I've seen bad movies before. But they usually made me care about how bad they were. Watching "Mad Dog Time" is like waiting for the bus in a city where you're not sure they have a bus line.
You have the ring. And I see that your Schwartz is as big as mine. Now, let's see how well you handle it.
Not so hasty! You call yourselves hobbits? But you should not go telling just anybody. You'll be letting out your own right names if you're not careful.
This is the world that you know. The world as it was at the end of the 20th century. It exists now only as part of a neural interactive simulation that we call the Matrix. You've been living in a dream world, Neo. This is the world as it exists today. Welcome to the desert of the real.
Trivia, as I've said before, shouldn't really be called "trivia." Facts about history, geography, books, movies, music - this is the stuff that used to be called good old-fashioned "general knowledge," the stuff that everybody was supposed to remember from school, regardless of their career niche.
Can you feel the sunshine? Does it brighten up your day? Don't you feel that sometimes you just need to run away? Reach out for the sunshine, forget about the rain. Just think about the good times and they will come back again.
Your ring finger is the most difficult of all fingers to control. You will notice that when you move your ring finger your other fingers will move involuntarily as well. This is something that will become less of a problem as you perfect your keyboarding skills.
I suppose I could collect my books and get on back to school or steal my daddy's cue and make a living out of playing pool or find myself a rock and roll band that needs a helping hand.
The idaea of "Mr. Right" has been passed down over the generations that for every woman there is the perfect man for her. I laugh at the whole notion and you should too. Here's why: The concept of a perfect match, one that requires no efforts on your part, creates unreasonable expectations that force a disparity between "ideal" and "reality" that always leads to disappointment.
Whenever life gets you down, Mrs. Brown, and things seem hard or tough, and people are stupid, obnoxious, or daft, and you feel that you've had quite enough, just remember that you're standing on a planet that's evolving, and revolving at 900 miles an hour. That's orbiting at 90 miles a second, so it's reckoned, a sun that is the source of all our power. The sun and you and me and all the stars that we can see are moving a million miles a day in an outer spiral arm at 40,000 miles an hour in a galaxy we call the Milky Way.
You know the difference between you and me Marty? I'm a white trash cracker from a white trash town that no one would even bother to piss on. But here's the difference. I've made something of myself, I have the keys to the capitol, people respect me. But you, you're still nothing.
And as the Black Beast lurched forward, escape for Arthur and his knights seemed hopeless, when suddenly, the animator suffered a fatal heart attack!
After my picture fades and darkness has turned to grey, watching through windows you're wondering if I'm okay. Secrets stolen from deep inside, the drum beats out of time.
Everybody can taste vanilla. Pay a little more attention, use those gifts. You know what you got? Sugar grains, vanilla bean, milk from three different dairies from two states... ugh... batch of chemicals straight off the periodic table, and... dirt off the guy's hand that served it to you. He spent his morning gardening. Whole world around you, Matty, and it is friggin' huge. And all you need are the guts to let it in. Try. That dog, what's his storey?
Your problem is you spent your whole life thinking there are rules. There aren't. We used to be gorillas. All we had is what we could take and defend. The truth is, you're more of a man today than you were yesterday.
Remember how you said your parents use you to get back at each other? Wouldn't I be outstanding in that capacity?
I'll live on and carry your name, and be what you always thought I could be. I hope we meet at the end. But I'll never forgive the world for taking my best friend.
Judges are picked out from the most dexterous lawyers, who are grown old or lazy, and having been biased all their lives against truth or equity, are under such a fatal necessity of favouring fraud, perjury and oppression, that I have known several of them to refuse a large bribe from the side where justice lay, rather than injure the faculty by doing any thing unbecoming their nature in office.
Moses supposes his toeses are roses, but Moses supposes erroneously. Moses he knowses his toeses aren't roses as Moses supposes his toeses to be.
Hello, babies. Welcome to Earth. It's hot in the summer and cold in the winter. It's round and wet and crowded. At the outside, babies, you've got about a hundred years here.
When you go on the run, the first thing you do is lay down tracks in the opposite direction. But that only works if the bad guys find the trail and believe it's for real, which means selling it. You need to put on a little show, make them feel clever. When you make somebody work to get a piece of information, they'll believe it that much more because it's hard to get.
I'm telling it like it is. Get used to it or put this book down. Because this book is for America's Heroes. And who are the Heroes? The people who bought this book. People who borrow this book are not Heroes. They are no better than welfare queens mooching off the system like card-carrying library card-carriers. For the record, we're not offering this book to libraries. No free rides.
It's a sad, sad situation, and it's getting more and more absurd. Why can't we talk it over? Oh it seems to me that sorry seems to be the hardest word.
Heaven knows we need never be ashamed of our tears, for they are rain upon the blinding dust of earth, overlying our hard hearts. I was better after I had cried, than before - more sorry, more aware of my own ingratitude, more gentle.
It's 106 miles to Chicago, we got a full tank of gas, half a pack of cigarettes, it's dark and we're wearing sunglasses.
All we can know is that we know nothing. And that's the height of human wisdom.
For romantics would be seen as dangerous as free-thinkers. Until then, he saw great advantage to teaming up with her.
If he needs a million acres to make him feel rich, seems to me he needs it 'cause he feels awful poor inside hisself, and if he's poor in hisself, there ain't no million acres gonna make him feel rich, an' maybe he's disappointed that nothin' he can do'll make him feel rich.
Yet the web of thought has no such creases and is more like a weaver's masterpieces; one step, a thousand threads arise, hither and thither shoots each shuttle, the threads flow on, unseen and subtle, each blow effects a thousand ties.
Yeah. Well, if the Flash were my son, I'd tell him a few things. First off, I'd tell him it's a dangerous world, so be careful. Then I'd tell him he's a hero, and he's saving a lot of lives. But the most important thing for him to know, I feel, is that his father's proud of him.
Wise men say only fools rush in, but I can't help falling in love with you. Shall I stay, would it be a sin if I can't help falling in love with you?
Maybe every human soul deals with loss and grief in its own way. Some curse the darkness. Some play hide and seek. That night Paul and Winnie and I found something we almost lost. We found our spirit. The spirit of children. The bond of memory. And the next day they tore down Harper's Woods.
He had a few accomplices, none on record, most of the time choosing to work alone, keeping the number of people that could turn on him to near zero. It is estimated that he forged over $10.3 billion of priceless antiquities. Never the wiser, the FBI pursued him for six years and finally caught him.
Crying wolf? You listen to me, you idiot! My child is sick. He does not need you marching in here, puffing up your little chest, and making his life more miserable than it already is. Why don't you just go play "army man" somewhere else?
Nothing looks more suspicious in America than someone who's actually prepared to make something.
I want you to know that the day you saw something in me, my whole life changed. And since then, it's been my privilege to not only be at your side, but to be treated like a protege. And for you to be my mentor, and my champion.
Witness my evil dream to rid Mobius of music and fun forever. My latest invention, the mean bean-steaming machine will not only dispose of those fun-loving jolly beans of Beanville but turn them into robot slaves to serve my evil purposes. Robots. Bring me those beans.
I hope you will love your baby. I hope it will be a boy. That husband of yours, I hope, will always treat you well, because otherwise my spectre shall come out of him, like black smoke, like a demented giant, and pull him apart nerve by nerve.
It is a love based of giving and receiving as well as having and sharing. And the love that they give and have is shared and received. And through this having and giving and sharing and receiving, we too can share and love and have... and receive.
I'm happy to put this all behind us and get back to work. After all, we've got a lot to do, and only sixty more years to do it. More or less. I don't have the actuarial tables in front of me.
For this dark and lonely room projects a shadow cast in gloom, and my eyes are mirrors of the world outside. Thinking of the way that the wind can turn the tide, and these shadows turn from purple into grey.
I'm gonna rock some tags, only got twenty dollars in my pocket. I'm, I'm, I'm hunting, looking for a come up, this is really awesome. Now walk into the club like "What up?! I got a hit song!" I'm so pumped I bought some clothes from the thrift shop! Ice on the fridge is so so frosty. The people like "Hey, the guy on the marquee!" Rolling in super deep, headed to the mezzanine, dressed in all pink except my gator shoes, those are green.
She took a deep breath. "Do you remember I told you he's an optimist? That's the least of it. He is a brilliant, natural-born liar. That dirty son of a..."
She can kill with a smile, she can wound with her eyes, she can ruin your faith with her casual lies, and she only reveals what she wants you to see. She hides like a child, but she's always a woman to me.
Never give up on everything if one thing is too hard. Never give up when it falls down; just go back to the start. Never give up on everything; never give up when you can still believe. Time after time we miss the chances for us to find a better life. No looking back, no pulling punches - this is the fact time after time.
Do you understand the expense people went through to keep you locked up in that tower? You think people like that are just gonna let you walk away? You are an investment and you will not be safe until you are far away from here.
Manuel... my wife informs me that you're... depressed. Let me tell you something. Depression is a very bad thing. It's like a virus. If you don't stamp on it, it spreads throughout the mind, and then one day you wake up in the morning and you... you can't face life any more!
Miscommunication sometimes leads to arguments, and arguments sometimes lead to fights. Anger is usually present in arguments and fights. Anger is an emotion, usually classified as a negative emotion. Negative emotions can cause severe problems in our environment and to the health of our body. Happiness, usually classified as a positive emotion, can bring good health to our body, and spread positive vibrations into our environment. Sometimes when we are ill, we are not on our best behaviour.
We've learnt that the balance of nutrients in cow's milk doesn't meet the needs of human infants, that most adult humans on the planet can't digest the milk sugar called lactose, that the best route to calcium balance may not be massive milk intake. These complications help remind us that milk was designed to be a food for the young and rapidly growing calf, not for the young or mature human.
A real artist must never be afraid of what other people are gonna say about him.
The hectic speed, and the brevity of the lines in the thread, plus the feeling that everyone is talking at once, at counter-purposes, deter her.
Yet Phoenicia and Palestine will forever live in the memory of mankind; since America, as well as Europe, has received letters from the one, and religion from the other.
It's hard to believe that twenty years ago there were no personal computers. Now it's the third largest industry in the world, somewhere between energy production and illegal drugs but the most amazing thing of all is that it happened by accident because a bunch of disenfranchised nerds wanted to impress their friends.
I hope that whoever you are, you escape this place. I hope that the world turns and that things get better. But what I hope most of all is that you understand what I mean when I tell you that even though I do not know you, and even though I may never meet you, laugh with you, cry with you, or kiss you, I love you.
I'll miss the sea, but a person needs new experiences. Without change something sleeps inside us, and seldom awakens.
Don't give me that. I'm sick and tyred of facts! You can twist 'em anyway you like, you know what I mean?
Seems like everybody's got a price. I wonder how they sleep at night when the sale comes first and the truth comes second.
And I am not frightened of dying, any time will do, I don't mind. Why should I be frightened of dying? There's no reason for it, you've gotta go sometime. If you can hear this whispering you are dying. I never said I was frightened of dying.
As a manager you will also be able to control gravity. Sir Isaac Newton showed that dense objects, such as managers, have more gravity. Your office will become a black hole into which all employee input will be lost forever. No matter how many times your employees give you something - diskettes, documents, whatever - you can claim you never got it. Best of all, it's not your fault; it's the law of gravity.
What could there be about a shadow that was so terrible that she knew that there had never been before or ever would be again, anything that would chill her with a fear that was beyond shuddering, beyond crying or screaming, beyond the possibility of comfort?
Individual science fiction storeys may seem as trivial as ever to the blinder critics and philosophers of today - but the core of science fiction, its essence, the concept around which it revolves, has become crucial to our salvation if we are to be saved at all.
There is no physical separation after the slicing, so that edge can be ignored and we can treat the pizza, for thermal purposes, as an infinite plane.
Don't make assumptions. Communicate with others as clearly as you can to avoid misunderstandings, sadness and drama. With just this one agreement, you can completely transform your life.
I used to analyse myself down to the last thread, used to compare myself with others, recalled all the smallest glances, smiles and words of those to whom I'd tried to be frank, interpreted everything in a bad light, laughed viciously at my attempts "to be like the rest" - and suddenly, in the midst of my laughing, I'd give way to sadness, fall into ludicrous despondency and once again start the whole process all over again - in short, I went round and round like a squirrel on a wheel.
All that is now, all that is gone, and everything under the sun is in tune but the sun is eclipsed by the moon.
I have a dream, a fantasy, to help me through reality. And my destination makes it worth the while, pushing through the darkness still another mile.
Look, all I know is what they taught me at command school. There are certain rules about a war. Rule number one is young men die. And rule number two is doctors can't change rule number one.
Well, things are getting pretty serious right now. I mean, we chat online for, like, two hours every day so I guess you could say things are gettin' pretty serious.
I'd have wasted a lot of time and trouble before I learnt that the best way to take all people, black or white, is to take them for what they think they are, then leave them alone.
The Earth is a world, the world is a ball, a ball in a game with no rules at all. And just as I wonder at the beauty of it all, you go and drop it and it breaks and falls.
It's easy to get wrapped up in sharing everyday life with a partner. It's fun to get lost in love and romance. It's the best. But holding on to yourself while doing that is the most important thing.
Oh, can I really believe the poet's tales, that when one first sees the object of one's love, one imagines one has seen her long ago, that all love, like all knowledge is remembrance, that love too has its prophecies in the individual... it seems to me that I should have to possess the beauty of all girls in order to draw out a beauty equal to yours; that I should have to circumnavigate the world in order to find the place I lack and which the deepest mystery of my whole being points towards, and at the next moment, you are so near to me, filling my spirit so powerfully that I am transfigured for myself, and feel that it is good to be here.
Pork and beans are actually cooked in the can. One fairly large piece of pork is placed in the can before cooking. After being heated during processing, it melts down to the size you see in the can, its flavour having permeated the beans.
Dani felt as if a path had appeared in front of him. It was temptingly lit, and offered a way out, up and away. But it was impossible to imagine taking the first step. It would mean leaping over a bottomless gulf out of which, once he'd fallen in, he'd never be able to climb again.
He rode past me and kept on goin'. Never said nothin' goin' by. He just rode on past and he had his blanket wrapped around him and his head down. And when he rode past I seen he was carryin' fire in a horn the way people used to do and I could see the horn from the light inside of it. About the colour of the moon. And in the dream I knew that he was goin' on ahead and that he was fixin' to make a fire somewhere out there in all that dark and all that cold, and I knew that whenever I got there he would be there. Out there up ahead.
After the victory at Wounded Knee, the angel of Columbia did present herself to Father Comstock and show him a vision of the future. And so our Prophet led the people away from the Sodom Below, up, up into the city, where they created an even more perfect union. But it was the miracle child, the lamb, that is the future of our city. For the Prophet has said that she in the tower will lead the Sodom Below into righteousness.
Hokey religions and ancient weapons are no match for a good blaster at your side, kid.
There he goes. One of God's own prototypes. A high-powered mutant of some kind never even considered for mass production. Too weird to live, and too rare to die.
Beneath the commonwealth, there is a cancer known as the institute. A malignant growth which must be cut, before it affects the surface. They are experimenting with dangerous technologies, and could prove to be the worlds undoing a second time in recent history.
She looked terrific. I said to myself, "Maybe she's going to be in the Spanish class - that'll be great!" But no, she walked into the Portuguese class. So I figured, what the hell - I might as well learn Portuguese. I started walking right after her when this Anglo-Saxon attitude that I have said, "No, that's not a good reason to decide which language to speak." So I went back and signed up for the Spanish class, to my utter regret.
If the driver would only slow down, the car would actually go faster. It reminds me of the saying, "never confuse movement for action."
The gods may throw a dice, their minds as cold as ice. And someone way down here loses someone dear. The winner takes it all, the loser has to fall. It's simple and it's plain, why should I complain?
Do you know why they call him Franky "Four Fingers" Doug? Because he makes stupid bets with dangerous people, and when he doesn't pay up, they give him the chop, Doug. And I'm not talking about his foreskin either.
Real rebels, as far as I can see, risk disapproval. The old postmodern insurgents risked the gasp and squeal: shock, disgust, outrage, censorship, accusations of socialism, anarchism, nihilism. Today's risks are different. The new rebels might be artists willing to risk the yawn, the rolled eyes, the cool smile, the nudged ribs, the parody of gifted ironists, the "Oh how banal." To risk accusations of sentimentality, melodrama. Of overcredulity. Of softness. Of willingness to be suckered by a world of lurkers and starers who fear gaze and ridicule above imprisonment without law. Who knows.
In the end, L is indeed the greatest detective on earth...
The old sea captain, not surprisingly, was an excellent witness. He had observed closely and recalled details. He estimated that the boat was sixty or seventy feet long.
There's a dark side to each and every human soul. We wish we were Obi-Wan Kenobi, and for the most part we are, but there's a little Darth Vader in all of us. Thing is, this ain't no either/or proposition. We're talking about dialectics, the good and the bad merging into us. You can run but you can't hide. My experience? Face the darkness. Stare it down. Own it. As brother Nietzsche said, being human is a complicated gig. So give that ol' dark night of the soul a hug. Howl the eternal yes!
If you think Mick Jagger will still be out there trying to be a rock star at age fifty, then you are sadly, sadly mistaken.
Just let me wake up in the morning to the smell of new mown hay, to laugh and cry, to live and die in the brightness of my day. I want to hear the pealing bell of distant churches sing. But most of all please free me from this aching metal ring and open out this cage towards the sun.
A mind not to be changed by place or time. The mind is its own place, and in itself can make a heav'n of hell, a hell of heav'n.
Carbohydrates are formed when carbon dioxide and water come together in the presence of sunlight and chlorophyll (the pigment that makes plants green). The chemical bonds of the carbohydrate lock in the energy of the sun. This energy is released when the human body burns plant food as fuel.
Bullet Tooth Tony: "A bookie's got blagged last night." Avi: "Blagged? Do me a favour, Tony, speak English. I thought this country spawned the language, and so far nobody seems to speak it!" Tony: "Blagged -- robbed. I gotta see a man who looks like he might know something, but it can't be done on the phone, if you know what I mean." Rose Bud: "I need a gun." Tony: "No you don't, Rose Bud my old son, you need me."
Legend has it this bridge was constructed by a young man and woman who lived on opposite sides of the river. The two fell in love and constructed the bridge so they could meet in the middle and share what would be their first kiss. From that day on it would be known appropriately as the kissing bridge and if people had just stuck to the kissing Dr. Brown would have been able to avoid one heck of a crisis.
What you say about his company is what you say about society. Catch the witness, catch the wit. Catch the spirit, catch the spit.
I had considered how the things that never happen are often as much realities to us, in their effects, as those that are accomplished.
I'm a cop - I'm good at reading people - so I know I can trust you with my suspicion. When I go talk to the family and friends of a murder suspect, somebody I know is guilty, and I tell them the person they love is a killer, guess what they all say? "That's not the person I know."
You got a God. Don't make no difference if you don't know what he looks like.
Do the gods light this fire in our hearts or does each man's mad desire become his god?
I don't know who you are. I don't know what you want. If you are looking for ransom, I can tell you I don't have money. But what I do have are a very particular set of skills; skills I have acquired over a very long career. Skills that make me a nightmare for people like you. If you let my daughter go now, that'll be the end of it. I will not look for you. I will not pursue you. But if you don't, I will look for you, I will find you, and I will kill you.
The United States and Mexico, nations long understood on opposing sides of those binary divisions, grappled with strikingly analogous agrarian transformations during the twentieth century. Unprecedented social movements that confronted dispossession and inequality in the countryside shook both nations and both witnessed ruling regimes that intermittently embraced agrarian rebels but abandoned them when politically opportune. In time, each saw the rise of an expert class that sought to wield social and biological science to remake agriculture and rural life. The transformations of the US and Mexican countryside did not merely run parallel, though; they frequently intersected.
It doesn't mean much to be able to filter out most present-day spam, because spam evolves. Indeed, most anti-spam techniques so far have been like pesticides that do nothing more than create a new, resistant strain of bugs.
She dreams of 1969 before the soldiers came. The life was cheap on bread and wine and sharing meant no shame. She is awakened by the screams of rockets flying from nearby, and scared she clings onto her dreams to beat the fear that she might die.
Is getting rid of all the thorns in someone's path really what's best for them?
I find myself so furious at all these people that I am in contact with just for controlling me or whatever but you know they are not even aware they are doing it.
If every person in this room made it a rule that wherever you are, whenever you can, you will try to act a little kinder than is necessary - the world really would be a better place. And if you do this, if you act just a little kinder than is necessary, someone else, somewhere, someday, may recognise in you, in every single one of you, the face of God.
Whence all this passion towards conformity anyway? Diversity is the word. Let man keep his many parts and you will have no tyrant states. Why, if they follow this conformity business, they'll end up by forcing me, an invisible man, to become white, which is not a colour but the lack of one. Must I strive towards colourlessness? But seriously and without snobbery, think of what the world would lose if that should happen. America is woven of many strands. I would recognise them and let it so remain.
A basic rule of covert ops is let someone else do your dirty work. Let someone else find the guy you want to kill. It's a great technique... as long as you're not the someone else.
The world is indeed full of peril, and in it there are many dark places; but still there is much that is fair, and though in all lands love is now mingled with grief, it grows perhaps the greater.
Mac, they said you escaped. I knew you wouldn't leave without me. I was waiting for you. Now we can make it, Mac. I feel big as a damn mountain. Oh, no. I'm not goin' without you, Mac. I wouldn't leave you this way. You're coming with me. Let's go.
In 1966, I went down to Greenwich Village, New York City to a rock club called Electric Banana. Don't look for it; it's not there anymore. But that night, I heard a band that for me redefined the word "rock and roll". I remember being knocked out by their... their exuberance, their raw power, and their punctuality. That band was Britain's now-legendary Spinal Tap. Seventeen years and fifteen albums later, Spinal Tap is still going strong. And they've earned a distinguished place in rock history as one of England's loudest bands.
Thing is Butch, right now you got ability. But painful as it may be, ability don't last. Now that's a hard fact of life, but it's a fact of life you're gonna have to get realistic about.
Harry could hardly believe this was real. Four weeks with nothing, not the tiniest hint of a plan to remove him from Privet Drive, and suddenly a whole bunch of wizards was standing matter-of-factly in the house as though this were a long-standing arrangement. He glanced at the people surrounding Lupin; they were still gazing avidly at him. He felt very conscious of the fact that he had not combed his hair for four days.
Oh, actually all champagne is French; it's named after the region. Otherwise it's sparkling white wine. Americans of course don't recognise the convention, so it becomes that thing of calling all of their sparkling white "champagne", even though by definition they're not.
There's a lady who's sure all that glitters is gold and she's buying a stairway to heaven. When she gets there she knows if the stores are all closed with a word she can get what she came for.
No matter how many men you kill, you can't kill your successor.
Two years ago this property cost one million pounds. Today, it costs five million. How did this happen? Attractive tax opportunities for foreign investment, restrictive building consent and massive hedge fund bonuses. London, my good man, is fast becoming the financial and cultural capital of the world. And of course the Russians have come to town.
I think if it is true that there are as many minds as there are heads, then there are as many kinds of love as there are hearts.
I refuse to give up! I refuse to get bored! I refuse to throw it all away! I refuse to despair! Because all I have going for me is the desire to keep moving forward!
Brother, you really are somethin'. You sit here, vote guilty like the rest of us, then some golden-voiced preacher starts tearing your poor heart out about some underprivileged kid, just couldn't help becoming a murderer, and you change your vote. Well, if that isn't the most sickening - why don't you drop a quarter in his collection box?
Remember: I'll do the talking. You sit there quietly with your most charming smile.
With the coming of Dean Moriarty began the part of my life you could call my life on the road. Before that I'd often dreamt of going West to see the country, always vaguely planning and never taking off. Dean is the perfect guy for the road because he actually was born on the road, when his parents were passing through Salt Lake City.
Maybe you should come with me for a few weeks. See what happens. See how much you learn. Then, we'll talk about your future.
It's a lie that every President, Democrat and Republican, has been telling for 20 years: we're going to be number 1 in ten years. Go ahead, Google it right now.
The evidence in the standard history of Qwerty versus Dvorak is flawed and incomplete. First, the claims for the superiority of the Dvorak keyboard are suspect. The most dramatic claims are traceable to Dvorak himself, and the best-documented experiments, as well as recent ergonomic studies, suggest little or no advantage for the Dvorak keyboard.
Everything that has transpired has done so according to my design. Your friends, up there on the sanctuary moon, are walking into a trap, as is your Rebel fleet. It was I who allowed the Alliance to know the location of the shield generator. It is quite safe from your pitiful little band. An entire legion of my best troops awaits them. Oh, I'm afraid the deflector shield will be quite operational when your friends arrive.
Whoever could make two ears of corn, or two blades of grass, to grow upon a spot of ground where only one grew before, would deserve better of mankind, and do more essential service to his country, than the whole race of politicians put together.
Plumbers have everything: Greed, sex, spirituality, white-knuckled chases, shameful propositions, a nun, humour, true love, jaded love, taut action, comedy, a bad guy, a good guy, a hero, spine-tingling suspense, a hot babe, a damsel in distress, and a hollywood ending!
Sometimes she did not know what she feared, what she desired: whether she feared or desired what had been or what would be, and precisely what she desired, she did not know.
Perhaps the most valuable result of all education is the ability to make yourself do the thing you have to do, when it ought to be done, whether you like it or not; it is the first lesson that ought to be learnt; and however early a man's training begins, it is probably the last lesson that he learns thoroughly.
Come, boy, see for yourself. From here, you will witness the final destruction of the Alliance and the end of your insignificant rebellion. You want this, don't you? The hate is swelling in you now. Take your Jedi weapon. Use it. I am unarmed. Strike me down with it. Give in to your anger. With each passing moment you make yourself more my servant.
When I ask him if quiz bowl has helped him in other areas of his life, he seems amused by the notion that there could even be other areas of his life.
To ensure the safe performance of all authorised activities, do not destroy vital testing apparatus.
It would have been so pointless to kill himself that, even if he had wanted to, the pointlessness would have made him unable.
I cannot fix on the hour, or the spot, or the look or the words, which laid the foundation. It is too long ago. I was in the middle before I knew that I had begun.
Beta flecks, another type of imperfection, are small regions of stabilised beta in material that has been alpha-beta processed and heat treated. In size, they are equal to, or greater than, prior beta grains. Beta flecks are regions in the final product that are usually rich in beta-stabilising elements, such as chromium, iron, and vanadium.
If there were to be something non-empty, there would then be something called empty. However, there is nothing that is non-empty. How could there be something empty?
Some men dream of money, some men dream of love. My father dreamt of a flood of fire. We were given Eden, and we turned it into Sodom. Why do we deserve salvation? The Lord gave Noah a fish in the form of a flood. But he was not so easy on me.
We love people not so much for the good they've done us, as for the good we've done them.
So ya, thought ya might like to go to the show. To feel the warm thrill of confusing that space cadet glow.
Oh, you're right it's sarcasm! A few weeks ago, I was happily retired, sulking by my swimming pool, and my psychotic best friend shows up out of nowhere to torture me over mistakes I made, honest mistakes I made over a decade ago! We, our little posse, are flat broke, but hey, let's go out and spend two million dollars on a tandem rotor chopper, so I can go steal nerve gas from terrorists! Forgive me, but sarcasm is all I've got! Sarcasm, and a room full of you fools!
The alternative to binge travel - the mini retirement - entails relocating to one place for one to six months before going home or moving to another locale. Rather than seeking to see the world, we aim to experience it at a speed that lets it change us.
Besides, nowadays, almost all capable people are terribly afraid of being ridiculous, and are miserable because of it.
It is always important, I think, to be clear about what delights you: important, and more easily said than done, to know exactly what you'd do if you didn't have to do everything else.
Once you fall, Septimus repeated to himself, human nature is on you. Holmes and Bradshaw are on you. They scour the desert. They fly screaming into the desert. The rack and the thumbscrew are applied. Human nature is remorseless.
Vigorous writing is concise. A sentence should contain no unnecessary words, a paragraph no unnecessary sentences, for the same reason that a drawing should have no unnecessary lines and a machine no unnecessary parts. This requires not that the writer make all his sentences short, or avoid all detail and treat subjects only in outline, but that every word tell.
My darling, you have to be standing up in order to be able to fall. I mean, if you keep sitting on your arse, nothing's gonna happen. "Only brave warriors fall off their horses in battle. How can kneeling cowards know what a fall is?"
You never read a book on psychology, Tippy. You didn't need to. You knew by some divine instinct that you can make more friends in two months by becoming genuinely interested in other people than you can in two years by trying to get other people interested in you.
Why, anybody can have a brain. That's a very mediocre commodity. Every pusillanimous creature that crawls on the Earth or slinks through slimy seas has a brain. Back where I come from, we have universities, seats of great learning, where men go to become great thinkers. And when they come out, they think deep thoughts and with no more brains than you have. But they have one thing you haven't got: a diploma.
Whenever I find myself growing grim about the mouth; whenever it is a damp, drizzly November in my soul; whenever I find myself involuntarily pausing before coffin warehouses, and bringing up the rear of every funeral I meet; and especially whenever my hypos get such an upper hand of me, that it requires a strong moral principle to prevent me from deliberately stepping into the street, and methodically knocking people's hats off - then, I account it high time to get to sea as soon as I can.
All that year the animals worked like slaves. But they were happy in their work; they grudged no effort or sacrifice, well aware that everything that they did was for the benefit of themselves and those of their kind who would come after them.
Sitting on a cornflake, waiting for the van to come. Corporation tee-shirt, stupid bloody Tuesday, man, you've been a naughty boy, you let your face grow long! I am the egg man, they are the egg men. I am the walrus, goo goo goo joob! Mister City, policeman sitting, pretty little policemen in a row. See how they fly like Lucy in the Sky, see how they run! I'm crying, I'm crying.
In the beginning there was discovery. A confusion of elements. The first snowfall of impossible change. Old lives undone, left behind. Strange faces, made familiar. New nightmares, to challenge sleep. New friends, to feel safe with. Only then comes control. The need to impose order unto chaos, through determination, through study, through struggle. All in defiance of a thundering truth. They're here, and the earth shudders underfoot.
Surprisingly, the Triforce created this world to fulfil Ganon's wish. What is Ganon's wish, you ask? It is to rule the entire cosmos! Don't you think it might be possible with the power of the Triforce behind you?
What else should I be? All apologies. What else could I say? Everyone is gay. What else could I write? I don't have the right. What else should I be? All apologies.
It's amazing. You want me to be honest? The favouritism Tony still shows for our cousin after what he's done? What does Tony B. have on this guy? And I'm supposed to maybe take a bullet for this skeeve.
Hey you... did you ever realise what you'd become, and did you see that it wasn't only me you were running from? Did you know all the time but it never bothered you anyway, leading the blind while I stared out the steel in your eyes?
Hello. I'm Leonard Nimoy. The following tale of alien encounters is true. And by true, I mean false. It's all lies. But they're entertaining lies. And in the end, isn't that the real truth? The answer is no. Now our storey begins on a Friday morning in a little town called Springfield...
On Ethernet networks, collisions occur when two nodes attempt to transmit at the same time. As more nodes are added to a network, collisions increase. A bridge can be used to divide a network into separate collisions domains while retaining the broadcast domain. A broadcast domain is basically a LAN as compared to an internetwork, which is multiple LANs connected by routers.
Well, I heard my friends really got in a mess so I'm gonna have to leave Yoda, I guess. But I know that I'll be coming back some day. I'll be playing this part 'til I'm old and grey. The long-term contract that I had to sign says I'll be making these movies till the end of time.
Look, you're supposed to be winning the hearts and minds of the natives. Isn't that the whole point of your little puppet show? If you walk like them, you talk like them, they'll trust you. We build them a school, teach them English. But after - how many years - the relations with the indigenous are only getting worse.
There are many things that I would like to say to you but I don't know how.
What we do know is that, as the chemical window closed, another awakening took place; that the human spirit is more powerful than any drug - and that is what needs to be nourished: with work, play, friendship, family. These are the things that matter. This is what we'd forgotten - the simplest things.
High on a stag the Goddess held her seat, and there were little hounds about her feet; below her feet there was a sickle moon, waxing it seemed, but would be waning soon. Her statue bore a mantle of bright green, her hand a bow with arrows cased and keen; her eyes were lowered, gazing as she rode down to where Pluto has his dark abode.
I don't want to live someone else's idaea of how to live.
In preparing for battle I have always found that plans are useless, but planning is indispensable.
Everything we do is a choice. Oatmeal or cereal. Highway or side streets. Kiss her or keep her. We make choices and we live with the consequences. If someone gets hurt along the way we ask for forgiveness. It's the best anyone can do.
A few light taps upon the pane made him turn to the window. It had begun to snow again. He watched sleepily the flakes, silver and dark, falling obliquely against the lamplight. The time had come for him to set out on his journey westward.
I think you're gonna find - when all this stuff is over and done - I think you're gonna find yourself one smiling guy. Thing is Butch, right now you got ability. But painful as it may be, ability don't last. Now that's a hard fact of life, but it's a fact of life you're gonna have to get realistic about.
The wonders of life and the universe are mere reflections of microscopic particles engaged in a pointless dance fully choreographed by the laws of physics.
Life is short. From here to that old car you know so well there is a stretch of twenty, twenty-five paces. It is a very short walk. Make those twenty-five steps. Now. Right now. Come just as you are. And we shall live happily ever after.
You once told me you never lied to me and you never will. So I need to know something: The first time Kramer and I went after you for the Degas, how did you switch the paintings?
Being in a minority, even in a minority of one, did not make you mad. There was truth and there was untruth, and if you clung to the truth even against the whole world, you were not mad.
Always seems to me you only see what people want you to see. How long's it gonna be before we get on the bus and cause no fuss? Get a grip on yourself, it don't cost much.
Within their world, games afford respect and sustenance and a place to pass the time: outcasts welcome. But much of that world, like the Flea House, is gone, or, like the corporate-run Scrabble clubs and tournaments, bowdlerised.
Good games offer players a set of challenging problems and then let them practise them until they have routinised their mastery. Then, the game throws a new class of problem at the player (this is sometimes called a "boss"), requiring them to rethink their taken-for-granted mastery. In turn, this new mastery is consolidated through repetition (with variation), only to be challenged again. This cycle of consolidation and challenge is the basis of the development of expertise in any domain.
The pie maker considered how not telling Chuck the truth about her father was a lot like being locked in a prison. Then he considered how being locked in a prison was actually much worse than some silly metaphor about truth.
I can feel the heat closing in, feel them out there making their moves, setting up their devil doll stool pigeons, crooning over my spoon and dropper I throw away at Washington Square Station, vault a turnstile and two flights down the iron stairs, catch an uptown A train.
I walked awhile among the rocks: the sky was perfectly clear, and the sun so hot, that I was forced to turn my face from it: when all of a sudden it became obscure, as I thought, in a manner very different from what happens by the interposition of a cloud.
Other keyboard layouts have been created since, and some are demonstrably more efficient, but the original continues to thrive. It is a telling demonstration of the power of inertia and the reward of being first.
When we are young, wandering the face of the earth, wondering what our dreams might be worth, learning that we're only immortal for a limited time.
I felt dull and somnolent, for daytime sleep is like the sin of the flesh: the more you have the more you want, and yet you feel unhappy, sated and unsated at the same time.
Now John at the bar is a friend of mine, he gets me my drinks for free. And he's quick with a joke or to light up your smoke, but there's someplace that he'd rather be.
Too many times we stand aside and let the waters slip away 'til what we put off 'til tomorrow has now become today. So don't you sit upon the shoreline and say you're satisfied. Choose to chance the rapids and dare to dance the tide.
I've met a lot of talented people over the years. How many of them made it professionally without discipline, commitment, and really good work ethic? I can tell ya. I can count it on two fingers: Zero. It's not gonna happen for you, Mason. The world is too competitive. There are too many talented people who are willing to work hard; and a buttload of morons who are untalented, who are more than willing to surpass you. As a matter of fact, a lot of them are sitting in that classroom out there right now.
First of all, you must be comfortable, otherwise it will be overly tyring and very difficult to concentrate. Many races have been lost simply because a driver lost concentration due to discomfort from a poorly fitted seat.
Can't a guy just buy some bagels for his friends so they'll owe him a favour which he can use to get someone fired who stole a co-manager position from him anymore? Geez. When did everyone get so cynical?
The first rule of Fight Club is: you do not talk about Fight Club.
Late night watching television. But how we'd get in this position? It's way too soon, I know this isn't love, but I need to tell you something: I really, really, really, really, really, really like you.
There is a theory which states that if anybody ever discovers exactly what the Universe is for and why it is here, it will instantly disappear and be replaced by something even more bizarre and inexplicable. There is another theory which states that this has already happened.
If I had been downright honest with myself, I would have seen very plainly in my heart that I did but half fancy being committed this way to so long a voyage, without once laying my eyes on the man who was to be the absolute dictator of it, so soon as the ship sailed out upon the open sea. But when a man suspects any wrong, it sometimes happens that if he be already involved in the matter, he insensibly strives to cover up his suspicions even from himself. And much this way it was with me. I said nothing, and tried to think nothing.
This used to be my playground, this used to be my childhood dream, this used to be the place I ran to whenever I was in need of a friend. Why did it have to end?
Every second he breathed, the smell of the grass, the cool air on his face, was so precious: To think that people had years and years, time to waste, so much time it dragged, and he was clinging to each second.
The wine list looks so imposing that you finally give up labouring over it. You hand it back to the server and say (either a bit sheepishly, because you're acknowledging that you can't handle the list, or with defiant bravado, signifying that you're not going to waste your time on this nonsense), "I'll just have a glass of white wine." Smart move or big mistake? We'd say, "Mistake."
You cannot, sir, take from me any thing that I will more willingly part withal: except my life, except my life, except my life.
In every generation there is a Chosen One. She alone will stand against the vampires, the demons, and the forces of darkness. She is the Slayer.
In other news, officials at the Pacific Nuclear Research Facility have denied the rumour that a case of missing plutonium was, in fact, stolen from their vault two weeks ago. A Libyan terrorist group had claimed responsibility for the alleged theft. However, officials now attribute the discrepancy to a simple clerical error.
Although the law of one price holds for good that are nearly uniform in characteristics and quality and easily traded in nearly perfectly competitive markets, many - if not most - goods are not like that. Goods of the same general type may be differentiated in important ways: a Lexus LS and a Ford Focus are both cars, yet they are very different cars, and there is no reason that their prices should be identical.
It makes no difference, it don't make any difference to me what a man does for a living, you understand. But your business is a little dangerous.
It's a pity that folk as talk about fighting the Enemy can't let others do their bit in their own way without interfering. He'd be mighty pleased, if he could see you now. Think he'd got a new friend, he would.
If this were Russia, yeah sure. Everyone would go to one Santa, and there would be a line around the block and once you sat on her lap and she'd ask you what you wanted, you would say probably "freedom." At which point the KGB would arrest you and send you to Siberia. It's a good thing Russia doesn't exist anymore.
Insects may carry the germs or parasites which cause disease in a purely mechanical or accidental way, that is, the insect may in the course of its wanderings or its feeding get some of the germs on or in its body and may by chance carry these to the food, or water, or directly to some person who may become infected. Thus the house-fly may carry the typhoid germs on its feet or in its body and distribute them in places where they may enter the human body.
In the early days, living in their squalid apartment, all three shared dreams of success. In the end, however, Bob the Spoon and Ernie the Fork wound up in an old silverware drawer, and only Mack went on to fame and fortune.
Haven't I taught you anything? What have I always told you? Never trust anything that can think for itself if you can't see where it keeps its brain?
Architects should be forced to live in the buildings they design, and children's book authors should be forced to read their storeys aloud every single night of their rotten lives.
This storey is about Howard Beale who was the news anchorman on UBS TV. In his time, Howard Beale had been a mandarin of television, the grand old man of news, with a HUT rating of 16 and a 28 audience share. In 1969, however, his fortunes began to decline. He fell to a 22 share. The following year, his wife died, and he was left a childless widower with an 8 rating and a 12 share.
Deserves it! I daresay he does. Many that live deserve death. And some that die deserve life. Can you give it to them? Then do not be too eager to deal out death in judgement. For even the very wise cannot see all ends.
His chess ideas are like pieces of his body he's reluctant to give up. For instance, he simply can't cope with being told not to bring his queen out too early in the game. Why shouldn't he? He's won many a game in Washington Square doing exactly that, why is this suddenly wrong?
There are two places on Earth that serve as canaries in the coal mine - regions that are especially sensitive to the effects of global warming. The first is the Arctic. The second is the Antarctic. In both of these frozen realms, scientists are seeing faster changes and earlier more dramatic effects of climate change than anywhere else on Earth.
When I was 9 years old I had kind of a rough time. A lot of people thought I was pretty mixed up. But there was one person who got me through it. He did everything right. And thanks to him today, well I'm the happiest, most confident and most well-adjusted person in this world. Dad, I love you. You're the greatest!
If there were to be something non-empty, there would then be something called empty.
The colours of the rainbow so pretty in the sky are also on the faces of people going by. I see friends shaking hands saying "how do you do?" They're really saying "I love you."
I once lived in the Lost Woods, until the day I wandered into a magic transporter. The power of the Dark World quickly turned me into this tree shape. I guess the two forests are connected with each other.
Sally and I did not know what to say. Should we tell her the things that went on there that day? Should we tell her about it? Now, what should we do? Well, what would you do if your mother asked you?
When you decide to be something, you can be it. That's what they don't tell you in the church. When I was your age they would say we can become cops, or criminals. Today, what I'm saying to you is this: when you're facing a loaded gun, what's the difference?
What I'm trying to teach him and what he's learning there are two very different things. Park hustlers play tactics, not position. They rely on wild, unpredictable moves meant to intimidate their opponent. Great in a two-minute speed game for drug money, but it'll cost Josh dearly in real games.
And all the time - such is the tragi-comedy of our situation - we continue to clamour for those very qualities we are rendering impossible. You can hardly open a periodical without coming across the statement that what our civilisation needs is more 'drive', or dynamism, or self-sacrifice, or 'creativity'. In a sort of ghastly simplicity we remove the organ and demand the function. We make men without chests and expect of them virtue and enterprise. We laugh at honour and are shocked to find traitors in our midst.
But older than me now, more constant, more real, and the fur, and the mouth, and the innocence turned to hair and contentment that hangs in abasement - a woman now standing where once there was only a girl.
I made "Jesus Walks" I'm never going to hell. Couture level flow, it's never going on sale. Luxury rap, the Hermes of verses. Sophisticated ignorance, write my curses in cursive. I get it custom, you a customer. You ain't 'customed to going through customs. You ain't been nowhere, huh? And all the ladies in the house, got 'em showing off. I'm done, I hit ya up mana-na!
We sit silently and watch the world around us. This has taken us a lifetime to learn. It seems only the old are able to sit next to one another and not say anything and still feel content. The young, brash and impatient, must always break the silence. It is a waste, for silence is pure. Silence is holy. It draws people together because only those who are comfortable with each other can sit without speaking. This is the great paradox.
Do not trouble yourself much to get new things, whether clothes or friends. Turn the old; return to them. Things do not change; we change. Sell your clothes and keep your thoughts.
Wrongfully imprisoned action heroes rarely have the time to wait for an appeal. Often, the fate of a loved one or the free world itself is at stake if you do not get out, and so any experienced action hero knows that a dramatic rescue, a prison break, or a pardon will almost certainly be coming in time for Act III.
You have two choices: you can keep running and hiding and blaming the world for your problems, or you can stand up for yourself and decide to be somebody important.
Come to me now and rest your head for just five minutes, everything is good. Such a cosy room, the windows are illuminated by the evening, sunshine through them, fiery gems for you, only for you.
I'm not fighting because of my feelings of debt or obligation to others. I fight 'cause in the end, I love boxing. It's certainly quite a world apart from the bright youth you talk about, but that burning sense of worth and completeness is something I've only tasted on a bloodied ring. And this burning sensation isn't a momentary sputter that others my age go through. It's so intense that it burns your entire body up in an instant. And when it's over, only white ashes remain. Not even any tiny cinders... just pure white ash. I've never felt anything like this before I started boxing. So you see, I'm not fighting on a sense of debt or obligation alone. I fight because I love to fight.
All he ever wanted out of life was love. You see, he just didn't have any to give.
I used to kid her once in a while because she wouldn't take her kings out of the back row.
Equations are more important to me, because politics is for the present, but an equation is something for eternity.
Excessive intake of alcohol as we know kills brain cells. But naturally it attacks the slowest and weakest brain cells first. In this way regular consumption of beer eliminates the weaker brain cells making the brain a faster and more efficient machine. That's why you always feel smarter after a few beers.
You are what you are and you are where you are because of what has gone into your mind. You change what you are and you change where you are by changing what goes into your mind.
Okay, I don't know you, but I do know that you can fix your attitude. Do you wanna go home and feel sorry for yourself about a man you didn't wanna marry? Or do you wanna go talk to that cute boy who's been looking at you and give him your number before I throw him in my Benz for myself?
The prosecution will wait... I'm not finished eating.
Then he made one last effort to search in his heart for the place where his affection had rotted away, and he could not find it.
V: I can assure you, I mean you no harm. Evey: Who are you? V: Who? Who is but the form following the function of what, and what I am is a man in a mask. Evey: Well, I can see that. V: Of course you can. I'm not questioning your powers of observation, I'm merely remarking upon the paradox of asking a masked man who he is.
Size matters not. Look at me. Judge me by my size, do you? Hmm? Hmm. And well you should not. For my ally is the Force, and a powerful ally it is. Life creates it, makes it grow. Its energy surrounds us and binds us. Luminous beings are we, not this crude matter. You must feel the Force around you; here, between you, me, the tree, the rock, everywhere, yes. Even between the land and the ship.
For all those times you stood by me, for all the truth that you made me see, for all the joy you brought to my life, for all the wrong that you made right.
Increasingly, tourists exchange money not at the retail dealers in airports or banks in foreign cities, but at foreign automated teller machines, using either a debit card or a credit card. The actual exchange of national currencies is made on their behalf between the foreign bank and their own bank - usually at a better rate than available through retail dealers.
A refracting telescope uses a lens instead of a mirror to focus the incoming light, relying on infraction rather than reflection to achieve its purpose. Refraction is the bending of a beam of light as it passes from one transparent medium (for example, air) into another (such as glass).
After living with you for the last six months, I'm turning into one of your scripts. Well, this is not a script, Diana. There's some real, actual life going on here.
Are you sure? Fine! Well, you go and have a really good night's sleep then, I'm hoping to get a couple hours later on myself but I'll be up in good time to serve you your breakfast in bed. If you can remember to sleep with your mouth open you won't even have to wake up, I'll just drop in small pieces of lightly buttered kipper when you're breathing in the right direction if that doesn't put you out!
I'd like to see the world for once all standing hand in hand and hear them echo through the hills for peace throughout the land.
Hitchin' up the buggy, churnin' lots of butter. Raised a barn on Monday, soon I'll raise another. Think you're really righteous? Think you're pure in heart? Well, I know I'm a million times as humble as thou art.
And when he rode past I seen he was carryin' fire in a horn the way people used to do and I could see the horn from the light inside of it. About the colour of the moon. And in the dream I knew that he was goin' on ahead and that he was fixin' to make a fire somewhere out there in all that dark and all that cold, and I knew that whenever I got there he would be there. Out there up ahead.
We want to help you, Mr. Valentine. My brother and I run a privately-funded programme to rehabilitate culturally disadvantaged people. We'd like to supply you with a home of your own, a car, a generous bank account, and employment with our company.
When we joined the Covenant, we took an Oath! According to our station! All without exception! On the blood of our fathers... on the blood of our sons, we swore to uphold the Covenant! Even to our dying breath! Those who would break this oath are Heretics... Worthy of neither pity, nor mercy! Even now, they use our Lord's creations to broadcast their lies! We shall grind them into dust! And continue our march to glorious salvation!
Even the best-designed chair won't make up for bad posture. Bad posture is the root of many physical problems. So sit upright and don't slouch. Your back should be straight to support the upper part of your body.
His palms are sweaty, knees weak, arms are heavy. There's vomit on his sweater already, mom's spaghetti.
I touch no one and no one touches me. I am a rock, I am an island. And a rock feels no pain; and an island never cries.
Marilla has given me strict instructions not to talk a head off. I do have a habit of chattering on so. Why, if I could imagine myself as a bird, a magpie would probably be the closest thing I could resemble. Oh, Diana, I've always dreamt of being in a three-legged race at a picnic. Would you do me the honour of being my partner?
Welcome! You have passed through the first three thresholds of the Isaac Asimov Literary Satellite! Enter the disarm code or enjoy the consequences. Remember, this and all literary works of the last century are the sole property of Isaac Asimov and his many affiliates. Thank you for intruding, you have five seconds.
The man who passes the sentence should swing the sword. If you would take a man's life, you owe it to him to look into his eyes and hear his final words. And if you cannot bear to do that, then perhaps the man does not deserve to die.
There's a sign on the wall but she wants to be sure cause you know sometimes words have two meanings. In a tree by the brook, there's a songbird who sings, sometimes all of our thoughts are misgiven.
We had joy, we had fun, we had seasons in the sun, but the hills that we climbed were just seasons out of time.
Well, the way they make shows is, they make one show. That show's called a pilot. Then they show that show to the people who make shows, and on the strength of that one show they decide if they're going to make more shows. Some pilots get picked and become television programmes. Some don't, become nothing. She starred in one of the ones that became nothing.
I want your answer and the money by noon tomorrow. And one more thing. Don't you contact me again, ever. From now on, you deal with Turnbull.
Learn to see me as a brother instead of two distant strangers and that's how it's supposed to be. How can the Devil take a brother if he's close to me? I'd love to go back to when we played as kids. But things change...that's the way it is.
When the general is weak and without authority; when his orders are not clear and distinct; when there are no fixed duties assigned to officers and men, and the ranks are formed in a slovenly haphazard manner, the result is utter disorganisation.
I got out my map and chose a place I wanted to go to (packed up my stuff, set out for adventure). I know that your lucky colour is that cool shade of blue (won't mind painting myself blue for you). I guess I'm so... easy to understand. I just do whatever comes to me naturally. Alright. I do understand the feelings of a Persian Cat (but the Sphinx looked so cute, I had to shave it). He reminds me of parsley when he's standing there all alone (makes me wanna be his speci-ality). I guess I'm just a self-centred girl. But there are nights that I have trouble going to sleep.
Lamp oil? Rope? Bombs? You want it? It's yours, my friend, as long as you have enough rubies.
You truly love each other and so you might have been truly happy. Not one couple in a century has that chance, no matter what the storybooks say. And so I think no man in a century will suffer as greatly as you will.
I only see my goals, I don't believe in failure 'cause I know the smallest voices, they can make it major. I got my boys with me, at least those in favour. And if we don't meet before I leave, I hope I'll see you later.
Because they're at the bottom of the scale, nerds are a safe target for the entire school. If I remember correctly, the most popular kids don't persecute nerds; they don't need to stoop to such things. Most of the persecution comes from kids lower down, the nervous middle classes.
Rhymes trap you into saying things you don't want to say. A word like "fire" is a good example. Before you know it you're reaching for desire, or to get higher, or calling someone a liar.
If you want to save yourself the ticket price, go into the kitchen, cue up a male choir singing the music of hell, and get a kid to start banging pots and pans together. Then close your eyes and use your imagination.
Why am I here? Yeah, good question. I'm the new substitute, yes. I'm here quite simply to get paid. Assuming all of you can read and write, I don't perceive any emergency situation. That's all. Continue wasting your lives.
I must nevertheless point out that our profession very closely approaches the idaea of that which is called art. Into it enter all the elements which go to form art - vocation, inspiration, fantasy, inventiveness, ambition, and a long and arduous apprenticeship to the science.
By studying the cooling of pizza in the gravity free environment of the space shuttle, we could more exactly determine the importance of convective flows.
There is no pain, you are receding. A distant ship smoke on the horizon. You are only coming through in waves. Your lips move but I can't hear what you're saying.
I can see you. Your brown skin shining in the sun. You got that top pulled down and your sunglasses on, baby. And I can tell you my love for you will still be strong, after the boys of summer have gone.
Anyway, it's best not to think about them, as if you do it makes the discussions with the other lawyers, all their advice and all that they do manage to achieve, seem so unpleasant and useless, I had that experience myself, just wanted to throw everything away and lay at home in bed and hear nothing more about it. But that, of course, would be the stupidest thing you could do, and you wouldn't be left in peace in bed for very long either.
There's bound to be rough waters and I know I'll take some falls, but with the good Lord as my captain I can make it through them all.
The passage of time in prisons is not in a cell of brick and mortar but in one of hopes dashed and tragedies unaverted. How precious, then, the chance to go back only to discover that in facing the past you must face up to yourself, that exiting the prison of time doesn't free you from the prison of your own character, one from which there is no escape.
And who are you, the proud lord said, that I must bow so low? Only a cat of a different coat, that's all the truth I know.
Years ago, I was an angry young man. And I'd pretend that I was a billboard standing tall by the side of the road. I fell in love with a beautiful highway.
The double attack on Justin and Nearly Headless Nick turned what had hitherto been nervousness into real panic. Curiously, it was Nearly Headless Nick's fate that seemed to worry people most. "What could possibly do that to a ghost?" people asked each other; what terrible power could harm someone who was already dead? There was almost a stampede to book seats on the Hogwarts Express so that students could go home for Christmas.
Good coders are hot, Mike... Word of the firings this morning spread through the campus like a virus. Everyone stopped working... A systems operator for Chien Fou in Paris noticed the lack of company activity on the Net. Within minutes, he e-mailed us all contracts.
I'm not questioning your powers of observation, I'm merely remarking upon the paradox of asking a masked man who he is.
The explosion would be just the right size to maximise the amount of paperwork your lab would face. If the explosion were smaller, you could potentially cover it up. If it were larger, there would be no one left in the city to submit paperwork to.
At last Frodo spoke. 'I do not wish to go,' he said; 'but neither do I wish to refuse the advice of Gandalf. I beg that there should be no vote, until we have slept on it. Gandalf will get votes easier in the light of the morning than in this cold gloom. How the wind howls!'
Everyone said I was daft to build a castle on a swamp, but I built it all the same, just to show them. It sank into the swamp. So I built a second one. That sank into the swamp. So I built a third. That burned down, fell over, then sank into the swamp. But the fourth one stayed up. And that's what you're going to get, Lad, the strongest castle in all of England.
I feel the Aryan in my blood, it's scarier than a blood. Been looking for holy water, now I'm praying for a flood. It feel like time passing me by slower than a slug, while this feeling inside of my body seep in like a drug. Will you hug me, rub me on the back like a child?
Sometimes, you read a book and it fills you with this weird evangelical zeal, and you become convinced that the shattered world will never be put back together unless and until all living humans read the book.
We took a perfectly useless psychopath like Valentine, and turned him into a successful executive. And during the same time, we turned an honest, hard-working man into a violently, deranged, would-be killer!
Oh dear god, I don't feel alive. When you're cut short of misery. Will you pray it be the end? Give a look surprised, wide eyes to me. Then you'll know just what I am. The scare that triggers your fear. Come know me in a different light now. Come know me as god.
I am always saying "Glad to've met you" to somebody I'm not at all glad I met. If you want to stay alive, you have to say that stuff, though.
Like frozen sentries of the Serengeti, the century-old termite mounds had withstood all tests of time and foe - all tests, that is, except the one involving drunken aardvarks and a stolen wrecking ball.
Imagine words like "if" as a two-finger movement instead of two single-finger movements. This would definitely increase your response time and speed up your keyboarding.
So what's in this for you? Should you rush out in search of a mission? Should you quit your job and find a goal? Probably not. But look around you. You may be on a mission, and not realise it yet.
We are being watched. The government has a secret system, a machine that spies on you every hour of every day. I designed the machine to detect acts of terror but it sees everything. Violent crimes involving ordinary people. The Government considers these people "irrelevant". We don't. Hunted by the authorities, we work in secret. You'll never find us, but victim or perpetrator, if your number's up... we'll find you.
We live in an age when people do more writing than they have at any other time in history. Not only have computers made it easier to produce clean texts, but they've also allowed average writers to create documents that twenty years ago would have required professional designers.
Whenever you watch the mind, you withdraw consciousness from mind forms, and it then becomes what we call the watcher or the witness.
Patience, he thought. So much of this was patience - waiting, and thinking and doing things right. So much of all this, so much of all living was patience and thinking.
Resistance is the measurement of the ability of electrons to move through a material. A copper wire with a large diameter has lower resistance to the flow of electrons than a copper wire with a small diameter. You need to understand resistance because almost every electronics project you do involves a resistor. Resistors have controlled amounts of resistance, which allows you to control the flow of electrons in a circuit.
Space ain't man's final frontier. Man's final frontier is the soul guided by someone more powerful than any human being. Someone felt but never seen. You will be surprised of what resides in your insides.
Stand tall, boy. Have some respect for yourself. Don't you know if you let people walk over you now they'll be walking over you for the rest of your life! Look at me. You think I'm gonna spend the rest of my life in this slop house?
I never imagined a boy like you could give me so much trouble. It's unbelievable that you defeated my alter ego, Agahnim the Dark Wizard, twice! But I will never give you the Triforce. I will destroy you and make my wish to conquer both Light and Dark Worlds come true without delay.
It wasn't dark beyond the cave door - darkness would be something; darkness would mean that, with a little light, there'd be plenty to see. Darkness would be comforting, actually. This was so much worse.
His gaze is from the passing of bars so exhausted that it doesn't hold a thing anymore. For him it's as if there were thousands of bars and behind the thousands of bars no world. The sure stride of lithe, powerful steps that around the smallest of circles turns is like a dance of pure energy about a centre in which a great will stands numbed. Only occasionally without a sound do the covers of the eyes slide open. An image rushes in, goes through the tensed silence of the frame, only to vanish forever in the heart.
Miss Wormwood, I protest this "C" grade! That's saying I only did an "average" job! I got 75% of the answers correct, and in today's society, doing something 75% right is outstanding! If government and industry were 75% competent, we'd be ecstatic! I won't stand for this artificial standard of performance! I demand an "A" for this kind of work!
It's a fact. I'm a quack. The disgrace of the AMA. 'Cause my patients die. Yeah, my patients die before they can pay.
I was left there with no water and no food while he stumbled off across the cobbles and up into the farm-house beyond. There was the sound of slamming doors and raised voices before I heard footsteps running back across the yard and excited voices coming closer. Two heads appeared at my door.
Ironically, we were studying "The Scarlet Letter", but isn't that always the way? The books you read in class always seem to have a strong connection with whatever angsty adolescent drama is being recounted. I consider this. Except for "Huckleberry Finn", 'cause I don't know any teenage boys who have ever run away with a big, hulking black guy.
When the shoes first fell from the sky, he remembered thinking that destiny had struck him. Now he thought so again. It was more than a coincidence. It had to be destiny.
Reach out for me and hold me tight. Hold that memory. Let my machine talk to me, let my machine talk to me. This is my world and I am world leader pretend. This is my life and this is my time. I have been given the freedom to do as I see fit. It's high time I've raised the walls that I've constructed.
So, I must be taken as I have been made. The success is not mine, the failure is not mine, but the two together make me.
The Dark Lord has Nine. But we have One, mightier than they: the White Rider. He has passed through the fire and the abyss, and they shall fear him. We will go where he leads.
Once upon a time there lived a magnificent race of animals that dominated the world through age after age. They ran, they swam, and they fought and they flew, until suddenly, quite recently, they disappeared. Nature just gave up and started again. We weren't even apes then. We were just these smart little rodents hiding in the rocks. And when we go, nature will start over. With the bees, probably. Nature knows when to give up, David.
I suffered no pain, my hunger had taken the edge off; instead I felt pleasantly empty, untouched by everything around me and happy to be unseen by all. I put my legs up on the bench and leaned back, the best way to feel the true well-being of seclusion. There wasn't a cloud in my mind, nor did I feel any discomfort, and I hadn't a single unfulfilled desire or craving as far as my thought could reach. I lay with open eyes in a state of utter absence from myself and felt deliciously out of it.
I denounce because though implicated and partially responsible, I have been hurt to the point of abysmal pain, hurt to the point of invisibility. And I defend because in spite of it all, I find that I love.
She abandoned the two of you. I didn't. You should spend less time in a state of resistance, making up problems for yourself.
Throw your soul through every open door, count your blessings to find what you look for. Turn my sorrow into treasured gold. You'll pay me back in kind and reap just what you sow.
It is impossible for me to ignore that you're in a different category from any person I have tried or am likely ever to try. Nevertheless, it is my duty to sentence you to six years in prison. If however His Majesty's government should at a later date see fit to reduce the term... no one will be better pleased than I.
When you meet the right person, you know it. You can't stop thinking about them. They are your best friend, and your soulmate. You can't wait to spend the rest of your life with them. No one and nothing else can compare.
Sholes split up the most common pairings of letters in the English language so that their type bars were farther apart and less likely to jam. That in turn dictated the layout of the keyboard - known as QWERTY, for the first five letters in the upper row.
Though the sciences cannot answer philosophical questions, individual scientists have to take sides on the right answers to them. The positions scientists take on answers to philosophical questions determine the questions they consider answerable by science and choose to address, as well as the methods they employ to answer them. Sometimes scientists take sides consciously. More often they take sides on philosophical questions by their very choice of question, and without realising it.
It was hard to toss things I had once thought were valuable enough to spend money on and just as hard to separate myself from worn and ragged clothing I had for sentimental reasons. Once I'd passed through the first few tough decisions, though, the momentum had been built and it was a breeze.
One more turn and I'll settle the score. A rubber fire screams into the night. Crash and burn is what you're gonna do. I am the master of the asphalt fight.
I'm wearying to escape into that glorious world, and to be always there: not seeing it dimly through tears, and yearning for it through the walls of an aching heart: but really with it, and in it.
Once again, it is our job to finish what the flyboys started. We are leaving this ship platoon, and engaging the Covenant on solid ground. When we meet the enemy, we will rip their skulls from their spine, and toss 'em away, laughin'! Am I right, Marines?
Do you wanna come with me? 'Cause if you do then I should warn you, you're gonna see all sorts of things. Ghosts from the past. Aliens from the future. The day the Earth died in a ball of flame. It won't be quiet, it won't be safe, and it won't be calm. But I'll tell you what it will be: the trip of a lifetime.
"Little Indian, Big City" is a French film (I will not demean the fine word "comedy" by applying it here). It is not in French with English subtitles, however. It has been dubbed into English, a canny move, since the movie is not likely to appeal to anyone who can read.
Fly me to the moon and let me play among the stars. Let me see what spring is like on Jupiter and Mars. In other words. Hold my hand. In other words. Darling kiss me. Fill my heart with song and let me sing for ever more. You are all I long for all I worship and adore. In other words please be true. In other words I love you.
The Savage nodded, frowning. "You got rid of them. Yes, that's just like you. Getting rid of everything unpleasant instead of learning to put up with it. Whether 'tis better in the mind to suffer the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune, or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them... But you don't do either. Neither suffer nor oppose. You just abolish the slings and arrows. It's too easy.
My life's work is teaching. And I believed that if you boys won that science fair, got scholarships, went off and did something great with your lives, somehow my life would have counted for something, Homer. You know what? Sometimes you really can't listen to what anybody else says. You just gotta listen inside. You're not supposed to end up in those mines. You know why? 'Cause I think you made other plans. I want you to know something. I'm proud of you.
You realise that trying to keep your distance from me will not lessen my affection for you. All efforts to save me from you will fail.
Hey, Alex - you know the really great thing about television? If something important happens, anywhere in the world, night or day... you can always change the channel.
Like the generations of leaves, the lives of mortal men. Now the wind scatters the old leaves across the earth, now the living timber bursts with the new buds and spring comes round again. And so with men: as one generation comes to life, another dies away.
Don't bother trying to explain your emotions. Live everything as intensely as you can and keep whatever you felt as a gift from God. The best way to destroy the bridge between the visible and invisible is by trying to explain your emotions.
Our on demand culture is fuelling entitlement. From drone delivery to overnight six-pack abs, we want what we want and we want it now. Lost is an appreciation for craft. For hard work. For the long haul. But that journey - and all the obstacles, struggle and setbacks that come with it - shouldn't be avoided. And it shouldn't just be tolerated. It should be welcomed with all the enthusiasm you can muster. Because love of process is everything. Without it, you simply will not reach your potential. Period.
The mystery of human existence lies not in just staying alive, but in finding something to live for.
In the beginning God created the heavens and the earth. The earth was without form, and void; and darkness was on the face of the deep. And the Spirit of God was hovering over the face of the waters.
What's in your eyes 'cause they talk to me. They know how to read my mind. I get this feeling when you're next to me, it's like joy and summertime. I wanna be your favourite song that will only bring you joy. But now that I never see you, I can only wish for more. At the end of the day, I'll, I'll keep writing you. Should I stop by and say hi or just keep riding straight?
Padre, these are subtleties! We are not concerned with motives, with the higher ethics. We are concerned only with cutting down crime and with relieving the ghastly congestion in our prisons. He will be your true Christian, ready to turn the other cheek, ready to be crucified rather than crucify, sick to the heart at the thought of killing a fly. Reclamation! Joy before the angels of God! The point is that it works.
One mile to the west, Emerson Cod was also not thrilled. During times of stress or anxiety, he liked to knit. Since the arrival of the dead girl who was not dead, he found the stockinette stitch relaxing.
A man who doesn't spend time with his family can never be a real man.
Tough and tuff are two different words. Tough is the same as rough; tuff means cool, sharpâ€“like a tuff Mustang or a tuff record.
I loved her against reason, against promise, against peace, against hope, against happiness, against all discouragement that could be.
The interior locks in an office suite are usually low-end; just there to keep white-collar workers from stealing coffee cups. File cabinet locking bars on the other hand are a more serious security measure. Their main vulnerability is that they depend on people's faith in padlocks. People have too much faith in padlocks.
See, that's the kind of thing I'm hoping to avoid. So when my little girl comes down the stairs, you're gonna say how nice it was to meet me, then you're gonna go drop her off at school and you're gonna say goodbye.
They burned the flag and they demonstrated against us; it's on the cover of the paper today. They have no respect. They have no idaea what's going on over there, Mom - the men that are sacrificing their lives. People are dying every day over there, and nobody back here even seems to care.
I never thought I'd feel this way, and as far as I'm concerned I'm glad I got the chance to say that I do believe I love you.
My love is alive way down in my heart. Although we are miles apart, if you ever need a helping hand I'll be there on the double as fast as I can.
Opening your eyes is all that is needing. The heart lies and the head plays tricks with us, but the eyes see true. Look with your eyes. Hear with your ears. Taste with your mouth. Smell with your nose. Feel with your skin. Then comes the thinking, afterwards, and in that way knowing the truth.
The pleasure of remembering had been taken from me, because there was no longer anyone to remember with. It felt like losing your co-rememberer meant losing the memory itself, as if the things we'd done were less real and important than they had been hours before.
We want a good life with a nose for things, the fresh wind and bright sky to endure my suffering. I'm a hole without a key if I break my tongue. Oh, speaking of tomorrow, how will it ever come?
But whatever happens, I've been happy. I've been loved. I've amazed crowds and drunk in their applause. Not because of luck or favour or magic. Because of will.
The sudden US interest in Mexico's programme of revolutionary reform was hardly accidental, but rather born from the convergences of an exceptional decade. In the first half of the 1930s, the US and Mexican governments both unveiled bold plans for reconstructing their national political economy, with a primary emphasis on righting rural wrongs.
All I'm trying to say, Tommy, is that if you could just prove who you really are, you'd be free! Don't you understand, they don't understand you! They don't believe you. Believe me, they think you're one of us. They think you're a freak - or a fake. I know you're not. All you have to do is just prove it to 'em. Let 'em see you as you really are!
Any attack made by the Rebels against this station would be a useless gesture, no matter what technical data they have obtained. This station is now the ultimate power in the universe! I suggest we use it!
All things will be produced in superior quantity and quality, and with greater ease, when each man works at a single occupation, in accordance with his natural gifts, and at the right moment, without meddling with anything else.
I know you're into banks and Wall Street, but everyone knows you're the final word, you're like the Supreme Court. All I want to do is protect you from these guys and your lawyers can't do that.
Wherever they might be they always remember that the past was a lie, that memory has no return, that every spring gone by could never be recovered, and that the wildest and most tenacious love was an ephemeral truth in the end.
I gotta tell you at this point the length of this conversation is way out of proportion to my interest in it.
I want you to be very clear about this: You were fired. I wanted you out, Cooper wanted you out, and you would be if it weren't for this man. He thought you deserved another chance. That's right, he fought for you.
Oh I'm sure that's exactly what you want these people to believe. You know something, Bender? You ought to spend a little more time trying to do something with yourself and a little less time trying to impress people. You might be better off. All right, that's it! I'm going to be right outside those doors! The next time I have to come in here, I'm crackin' skulls!
The object of this massive tribute died as he had always lived - a private man without wealth, without property, without official title or office. Mahatma Gandhi was not a commander of great armies nor ruler of vast lands. He could boast no scientific achievements or artistic gift. Yet men, governments and dignitaries from all over the world have joined hands today to pay homage to this little brown man in the loincloth who led his country to freedom.
First time we had dinner, you asked me what I wanted from you. And the first time we kissed, I realised that I don't want anything... except you. And now I'm asking if you'll go on one more adventure with me. Sara Ellis, will you marry me?
If I catch it comin' back my way I'm gonna serve it to you. And that ain't what you want to hear, but that's what I'll do. And the feeling coming from my bones says, "Find a home."
And can you feel the love tonight, it is where we are. It's enough for this wide-eyed wanderer that we got this far.
You shared something horrible with me, gave me no time to process it, and while I was taking it in you not only attacked my integrity, you made me feel ashamed of myself.
Sometimes it seems like we're all living in some kind of prison, and the crime is how much we hate ourselves. It's good to get really dressed up once in a while, and admit the truth - that when you really look closely, people are so strange and so complicated that they're actually beautiful. Possibly even me.
I love you, period. Do you love me, question mark? Please, please, exclamation point! (I want to hold you in parentheses.)
Mitochondria and chloroplasts display similarities with bacteria that led to the endosymbiont theory. This theory states that an early ancestor of eukaryotic cells engulfed an oxygen-using non-photosynthetic prokaryotic cell. Eventually, the engulfed cell formed a relationship with the host cell in which it was enclosed, becoming an endosymbiont, a cell living within another cell. Indeed, over the course of evolution, the host cell and its endosymbiont merged into a single organism, a eukaryotic cell with a mitochondrion. At least one of these cells may have then taken up a photosynthetic prokaryote, becoming the ancestor of eukaryotic cells that contain chloroplasts.
Who is Keyser Soze? He is supposed to be Turkish. Some say his father was German. Nobody believed he was real. The greatest trick the Devil ever pulled was convincing the world he didn't exist.
And every year on this day of days, we recommit ourselves to our city, to our Prophet, Father Comstock. We recommit through sacrifice, and the giving of thanks, and by submerging ourselves in the sweet water of baptism. And lo, if the Prophet had struck down our enemies at Wounded Knee, and not railed against the Sodom beneath us, it would have been enough.
Once upon a time there was a lovely princess, but she had an enchantment upon her of a fearful sort which could only be broken by love's first kiss. She was locked away in a castle guarded by a terrible fire-breathing dragon. Many brave knights had attempted to free her from this dreadful prison, but none prevailed. She waited in the dragon's keep in the highest room of the tallest tower for her true love and true love's first kiss.
Many of them [students who litter] will discourse fluently and perhaps with passion on global warming, on carbon emissions, on the unsustainability of our current industrial agricultural practise and so forth. Not a few would probably subscribe to the neo-Pagan notion of Gaia, of the whole biosphere as a kind of transcendent organism. Paradoxically, the mess directly around them - particularly the one they had helped themselves to create - raises no concern. They would blame greed for the state of the world, not their own or that of "ordinary" people, but that of corporations in particular and of capitalism in general.
Fool, prate not to me about covenants. There can be no covenants between men and lions, wolves and lambs can never be of one mind, but hate each other out and out and through. Therefore there can be no understanding between you and me, nor may there be any covenants between us, till one or other shall fall.
Boy, you got rights and lefts. Ups and downs and middles. So what? You don't get to instruct anything around here! This is not North Carolina, not South Carolina, nor Kentucky! This is the sovereign State of Mississippi's proceeding. Wipe that smirk off your face! Dr. Wigand's deposition will be part of this record! And I'm gonna take my witness's testimony whether the hell you like it or not!
No, the goal of war is not to kill. The goal of war is to win. By surrounding the enemy, you would force him only to fight more desperately. If you surround him on three sides and leave him an escape route, he will leave your land and there will less blood spilt on both sides. For a warrior of the Mandinka, courage is not enough.
Let me tell you something my friend. Hope is a dangerous thing. Hope can drive a man insane.
Sometimes I feel my heart will overflow. Hello, I've just got to let you know, cause I wonder where you are and I wonder what you do. Are you somewhere feeling lonely? Or is someone loving you? Tell me how to win your heart, for I haven't got a clue. But let me start by saying I love you.
It is not the critic who counts, not the man who points out how the strong man stumbled or where the doer of deeds could have done them better. The credit belongs to the man who is actually in the arena; whose face is marred by dust and sweat and blood; who strives valiantly; who errs and comes short again and again; who knows the great enthusiasms, the great devotions, and spends himself in a worthy cause; who, at the best, knows the triumph of high achievement; and who, at the worst, if he fails, at least fails while daring greatly, so that his place shall never be with those cold and timid souls who know neither victory nor defeat.
With no map to navigate one's life, some of us have stood stock-still. In such a world of confused roles, time lines, and expectations, the simplest decisions could sometimes become problematic.
I called Betsy again at her office and she said maybe we'd go to a movie together after she gets off work tomorrow. That's my day off. At first she hesitated but I called her again and then she agreed.
Sir, you have besmirched the good name of Liquid Water, and if you think that we're here for a settlement conference, well, let me just correct that one for you right now. We are not settling. We will not be settling. In fact, the only thing that's settling here is the sediment at the bottom of your putrid water. Get me? Now be sure to take that Grand Central shuttle like I told you, okay? I think you're gonna love it.
The telescreen received and transmitted simultaneously. Any sound that Winston made, above the level of a very low whisper, would be picked up by it, moreover, so long as he remained within the field of vision which the metal plaque commanded, he could be seen as well as heard.
Well, our daughter Becky left home for a year and a half and when she came back we barely recognised her.
Remember the day I set you free, I told you you could always count on me. From that day on, I made a vow. I'll be there when you want me, some way, some how.
I have never done a day's work in my life - honest or dishonest, but neither have you. To make 100 dollars into 110 dollars, this is work. To make 100 million into 110 million, this is inevitable.
Undoubtedly, philosophers are in the right when they tell us that nothing is great or little otherwise than by comparison.
I'll have two number 9s, a number 9 large, a number 6 with extra dip, a number 7, two number 45s, one with cheese, and a large soda.
Because some men aren't looking for anything logical, like money. They can't be bought, bullied, reasoned, or negotiated with. Some men just want to watch the world burn.
Even though there may be a deceiver of some sort, very powerful and very tricky, who bends all his efforts to keep me perpetually deceived, there can be no lightest doubt that I exist, since he deceives me; and let him deceive me as much as he will, he can never make me be nothing as long as I think that I am something.
Three or four generations ago, an order of knights protected the royalty of the Hylia. These Knights Of Hyrule were also guardians of the Pendant Of Courage. Unfortunately, most of them were destroyed in the great war against evil that took place when the seven wise men created their seal. Among the descendants of the Knights Of Hyrule a hero must appear.
I bet you're wondering how I knew about your plans to make me blue with some other guy you knew before. Between the two of us guys, you know I loved you more.
This was my only and my constant comfort. When I think of it, the picture always rises in my mind, of a summer evening, the boys at play in the churchyard, and I sitting on my bed, reading as if for life.
My name is Maximus Decimus Meridius, commander of the Armies of the North, General of the Felix Legions and loyal servant to the TRUE emperor, Marcus Aurelius. Father to a murdered son, husband to a murdered wife. And I will have my vengeance, in this life or the next.
For all its apparent strength, the Aztec Empire had vulnerabilities that the Spanish were able to exploit. The tiny Spanish force was able to attract a massive army of some 30,000 Mesoamericans of many different tribes.
I carry a log - yes. Is it funny to you? It is not to me. Behind all things are reasons. Reasons can even explain the absurd. Do we have the time to learn the reasons behind the human being's varied behaviour? I think not. Some take the time. Are they called detectives? Watch - and see what life teaches.
The world ain't all sunshine and rainbows. It's a very mean and nasty place and I don't care how tough you are it will beat you to your knees and keep you there permanently if you let it. You, me, or nobody is gonna hit as hard as life. But it ain't about how hard you hit. It's about how hard you can get hit and keep moving forward. That's how winning is done! Now if you know what you're worth then go out and get what you're worth. But you've gotta be willing to take the hits, and not pointing fingers saying you ain't where you wanna be because of him, or her, or anybody! Cowards do that and that ain't you! You're better than that!
It is possible that I already had some presentiment of my future. The locked and rusted gate that stood before us, with wisps of river fog threading its spikes like the mountain paths, remains in my mind now as the symbol of my exile.
Oh, what's the matter with the crowd I'm seeing? "Don't you know that they're out of touch?" Well, should I try to be a straight A student? "If you are then you think too much. Don't you know about the new fashion, honey? All you need are looks and a whole lotta money."
When you are immune to the opinions and actions of others, you won't be the victim of needless suffering.
It was one of those March days when the sun shines hot and the wind blows cold: when it is summer in the light, and winter in the shade.
I know that you weren't bored that day because there was a lot of stuff on TV, and then The Blair Witch Project was coming on Starz and you were like, "I haven't seen this since it came out and if so we should watch it" and then, "but oh, no, we should just make out instead!"
Do I really look like a guy with a plan? You know what I am? I'm a dog chasing cars. I wouldn't know what to do with one if I caught it. You know, I just do things. The mob has plans, the cops have plans, you know, they're schemers. Schemers trying to control their worlds. I'm not a schemer. I try to show the schemers how pathetic their attempts to control things really are.
Those who proceed only very slowly can make much greater progress, provided they always follow the right path, than those who hurry and stray from it.
Most popular song lyrics have two sections - a verse and a bridge, where the bridge offers a contrast to the verse but is not the place where the song is summarised - or a verse and a chorus. A chorus is the high-point of a lyric's energy as well as the music's energy.
The study of global social phenomena raises several difficulties that are not commonly encountered when research questions are posed at less comprehensive levels. Problems of arising from aggregation, diffusion, and path dependence, to name three, plague any attempt at answering questions that are posed at a global level. Ultimately, all these problems arise from the fact that there is only one world available for us to study, and when the world itself is the scope of the analysis, additional worlds are not available for validating initial results.
Oh, my love, my darling, I've hungered for your touch a long, lonely time, and time goes by so slowly, and time can do so much. Are you still mine?
Wood and other fibrous material is mixed with liquid and mashed into a pulp, which is then poured onto fine screens. The liquid drains away, leaving a thin layer of fibrous material on the wire. When this material dries, it becomes paper.
No! Fool that I am! I should have remembered! Those slippers will never come off as long as you're alive. But that's not what's worrying me. It's how to do it. These things must be done delicately or you hurt the spell.
There is something about yourself that you don't know.
At first they had tried to keep the finding quiet. After all, they were not absolutely sure it was an extraterrestrial message. A premature or mistaken announcement would be a public relations disaster.
I believe that for every one of these anxious, anguished people who have come here this evening there must be hundreds of others also touched by the implanted vision who never made it this far. It's simply because they never watched the television. Or perhaps they watched it but never made the psychic connection.
Last night I dreamt of chickens, there were chickens everywhere, they were standing on my stomach, they were nesting in my hair, they were pecking at my pillow, they were hopping on my head, they were ruffling up their feathers as they raced about my bed. They were on the chairs and tables, they were on the chandeliers, they were roosting in the corners, they were clucking in my ears, there were chickens, chickens, chickens for as far as I could see... when I woke today, I noticed there were eggs on top of me.
Let's face it, Reiger, crime pays. You know people go around thinking if they do something bad, then something bad has gotta happen to them. Well, I am living proof that that's not true.
Then you compared a woman's love to Hell, to barren land where water will not dwell, and you compared it to a quenchless fire, the more it burns the more is its desire to burn up everything that burnt can be. You say that just as worms destroy a tree a wife destroys her husband and contrives, as husbands know, the ruin of their lives.
Remember: I am a cartoonist. If you follow my advice on safety around nuclear materials, you probably deserve whatever happens to you.
Goodness, present and hallowed, is thanking walls of the shallow embankments for flowing in over the soldiering masses of dayglow blades scorched by hovering halos. Washing away until I don't even cringe at the thought of you.
We've had vicious kings and we've had idiot kings, but I don't know if we've ever been cursed with a vicious idiot for a king!
The awful thing is that beauty is mysterious as well as terrible. God and the devil are fighting there and the battlefield is the heart of man.
At the very end of these food chains (which is to say, at the very beginning), I invariably found myself in almost exactly the same place: a farm field in the American Corn Belt.
Now, imagine a universe in which the laws of physics are as parochial as local culture - changing unpredictably from place to place and defiantly resisting any outside influence to conform. Like the adventures of Gulliver, travels in such a world would expose you to an enormously rich array of unpredictable experiences. But from a physicist's perspective, this is yet another nightmare.
Dreams appear much more prominent and clear when the dreamer is in an unhealthy state - they have an extraordinary semblance of reality. Most monstrous pictures are put together but all the circumstances are so subtly interwoven the details so artistically harmonious in every minute respect as to defy human imitation. Such morbid dreams are always recollected for very long and produce strong impressions on the disordered and already excited organs of the dreamer.
The gates of Hell are open night and day; smooth the descent and easy is the way.
So they're gonna dump the unions so they can come here and hire us at scab wages and then for that privilege we get to pay their taxes.
In many ways, Cobb and Jaramillo were exceptional figures. Cobb's early radicalism was rare by US standards, as was his adamant refusal to abandon the small farm. Jaramillo, too, was a renowned firebrand from a notably radical state, and his violent end elicited unusual shock. Nevertheless, in both of their lives were wound up the fates of millions of others in the US and Mexican countryside. Not long after World War II, the stormy public debate over rural poverty and the human impact of agricultural change tapered off in each nation. As conservatives silenced dissenting voices by means of force or compromise, it would be concerns of productivity - not inequality - that dominated the next generation of rural policy making.
It's lovely to live on a raft. We had the sky, up there, all speckled with stars, and we used to lay on our backs and look up at them, and discuss about whether they was made, or only just happened - Jim he allowed they was made, but I allowed they happened; I judged it would have took too long to make so many.
Peripheral vision and the feel of the keyboard provide some knowledge about key locations. Frequently used keys become completely learnt, infrequently used keys are not learnt well, and the other keys are partially learnt. But as long as a typist needs to watch the keyboard, the speed is limited. The knowledge is still mostly in the world, not in the head.
After you got six pieces, you gotta get rid of 'em. Of course you can't just leave it in the deep freeze for your mum to discover, can ya?
I've often felt that dreams are answers to questions we haven't yet figured out how to ask.
If Mr. McMurphy doesn't want to take his medication orally, I'm sure we can arrange that he can have it some other way. But I don't think that he would like it.
"Without pain, how could we know joy?" This is an old argument in the field of thinking about suffering and its stupidity and lack of sophistication could be plumbed for centuries but suffice it to say that the existence of broccoli does not, in any way, affect the taste of chocolate.
I noticed your band is on the roster for the dance auditions after school today. Why even bother, McFly? You don't have a chance. You're too much like your old man. No McFly ever amounted to anything in the history of Hill Valley!
Come as you are, as you were, as I want you to be. As a friend, as a friend, as a known enemy. Take your time, hurry up. The choice is yours, don't be late. Take a rest as a friend, as an old memoria.
One day beneath the lemon tree, my love and I did lie. A girl so sweet that when she smiled the stars rose in the sky. We passed that summer lost in love beneath the lemon tree. The music of her laughter hid my father's words from me.
The right understanding of any matter and a misunderstanding of the same matter do not wholly exclude each other.
Fifty-four forty or fight. What does that mean? Remember the Maine. Tippecanoe and Tyler, too. They're war slogans, Mr. Motss. We remember the slogans; we can't even remember the wars. You know why? 'Cause it's show business.
All Ninja are men of peace, and must always remain so or lose many of the special powers they have developed. Beyond this, the Ninja are also adept at fieldcraft, infiltrating, and espionage. Because of their scouting skills and peripheral kinaesthetic sensitivity, Ninja customarily surprise their opponents slightly more than half the time.
All at sea again, and now my hurricanes, have brought down this ocean rain, to bathe me again.
Sometimes at night I let it get to me. And sometimes, I'm sure it gets to all of us. And last night, it had me down I'm feeling numb. I can try, but sometimes that is not enough. No, sometimes that is not enough.
No, that is what I'm trying to tell you. He is still a child. He's a normal child. He's made some mistakes - God knows he's got a load to learn about life. That does not mean that I'm gonna let you send him to the type of school whose whole reason for being is to make him follow orders by instilling fear.
Homeless to Forbes List, these people bring no stress. I feel like Moses, I feel like I'm chosen. And if you ain't my friend then your girl single to me. I don't give a damn if a guy said he knew me.
If there's a bustle in your hedgerow, don't be alarmed now, it's just a spring clean for the May queen. Yes, there are two paths you can go by, but in the long run there's still time to change the road you're on.
Where it began, I can't begin to know, but then I know it's growing strong. Was in the spring, then spring became the summer. Who'd have believed you'd come along?
I thought climbing the Devil's Thumb would fix all that was wrong with my life. In the end, of course, it changed almost nothing. But I came to appreciate that mountains make poor receptacles for dreams. And I lived to tell my tale.
He pushes people away before they get a chance to leave him. It's a defence mechanism. And for twenty years he's been alone because of that. And if you push him right now, it's gonna be the same thing all over again and I'm not gonna let that happen to him.
Though I never knew you at all, you had the grace to hold yourself while those around you crawled. They crawled out of the woodwork and they whispered into your brain. They set you on the treadmill and they made you change your name.
Many people limit themselves to leading boring, dull lives by accepting the judgement of others that they are of low intelligence. This is not so.
It seems to me you lived your life like a candle in the wind, never knowing who to cling to when the rain set in. And I would have liked to have known you but I was just a kid.
My heart wants to beat like the wings of the birds that rise from the lake to the trees. My heart wants to sigh like a chime that flies from a church on a breeze, to laugh like a brook when it trips and falls over stones on its way, to sing through the night like a lark who is learning to pray.
Many introverted hackers who are next to inarticulate in person communicate with considerable fluency over the net.
You choose to be hurt rather than to hurt others, right? You're nice and wonderful. But while it seems like you are choosing both, you're really forsaking both.
Now that I've tried to talk to you and make you understand. All you have to do is close your eyes and just reach out your hands and touch me. Hold me close don't ever let me go.
You can rest easy, tonight... Everything is gonna be alright, I promise... Go to sleep and dream of me tonight... Everything may not be perfect, but at least we try...
I have dreamt in my life, dreams that have stayed with me ever after, and changed my ideas; they have gone through and through me, like wine through water, and altered the colour of my mind. And this is one: I'm going to tell it - but take care not to smile at any part of it.
And the waitress is practising politics as the businessmen slowly get stoned. Yes, they're sharing a drink they call loneliness but it's better than drinkin' alone.
I am assured by our merchants, that a boy or a girl before twelve years old, is no saleable commodity, and even when they come to this age, they will not yield above three pounds, or three pounds and half a crown at most, on the exchange; which cannot turn to account either to the parents or kingdom, the charge of nutriments and rags having been at least four times that value.
The world's changing out there, there are a lot of new, exciting ideas running around. Some may be right and some may be cockeyed but they're affecting all our lives. I want to know how I stand, where I fit in the picture, what it's all gonna mean to me. I can't find that out sitting behind some desk in an office, so as soon as I get enough money together, I'm going to knock off for a while.
Colonel! Can you possibly imagine what is going to happen to you, your frame, outlook, way of life, and everything, when they learn that you have obstructed a telephone call to the President of the United States? Can you imagine? Shoot it off! Shoot! With a gun! That's what the bullets are for, you twit!
Dusk crept over the sky from the eastern horizon, and darkness crept over the land from the east.
It is always painful to part from people whom one has known for a very brief space of time. The absence of old friends one can endure with equanimity. But even a momentary separation from anyone to whom one has just been introduced is almost unbearable.
Poets claim that we recapture for a moment the self that we were long ago when we enter some house or garden in which we used to live in our youth. But these are most hazardous pilgrimages, which end as often in disappointment as in success. It is in ourselves that we should rather seek to find those fixed places, contemporaneous with different years.
You mean you'll put down your rock and I'll put down my sword and we'll try and kill each other like civilised people?
'Cause I was born a virgin covered in blood and free of sin, and that's the exact shape I wanna make when I jump off this bridge.
I don't like work - no man does - but I like what is in the work - the chance to find yourself. Your own reality - for yourself not for others - what no other man can ever know. They can only see the mere show, and never can tell what it really means.
I felt the urge to reassure him that I was like everybody else, just like everybody else. But really there wasn't much point, and I gave up the idaea out of laziness.
I must not fear. Fear is the mind killer. Fear is the little death that brings total obliteration. I will face my fear. I will permit it to pass over me and through me. And when my fear is gone I will turn and face fear's path, and only I will remain.
Typing competitions provided another test of the Qwerty keyboard. These competitions are somewhat underplayed in the conventional history. In fact, typing contests and demonstrations of speed were fairly common during this period. They involved many different machines, with various manufacturers claiming to hold the speed record.
Somewhere over the rainbow way up high, there's a land that I heard of once in a lullaby. Somewhere over the rainbow skies are blue, and the dreams that you dare to dream really do come true. Someday I'll wish upon a star and wake up where the clouds are far behind me. Where troubles melt like lemon drops away above the chimney tops, that's where you'll find me. Somewhere over the rainbow bluebirds fly. Birds fly over the rainbow. Why then, oh, why can't I?
Hishiro: Um! Can I have... your phone? Kaizaki: Huh? Can you have... my phone? I-I'm not sure how to respond to this sudden attempt to mug me. Hishiro: That's not it. Fill in the blanks, please. Kaizaki: Excuse me? Hishiro: Basically, I mean... I want to know your phone number.
All time is all time. It does not change. It does not lend itself to warnings or explanations. It simply is. Take it moment by moment, and you will find that we are all, as I've said before, bugs in amber.
When I was a child, I heard voices. Some would sing and some would scream. You'll soon find you have few choices. I learnt the voices died with me. When I was a child, I'd sit for hours, staring into open flames. Something in it had a power, could barely tear my eyes away. All you have is your fire and the place you need to reach. Don't you ever tame your demons, but always keep them on a leash.
I have already told you, I have no further stocks of Veritaserum. Unless you wish to poison Potter - and I can assure you I would have the greatest sympathy if you did - I cannot help you. The only trouble is that most venoms act too swiftly to give the victim much in the way of time for truth telling.
I always loved you, and if one loves anyone, one loves the whole person, just as they are and not as one would like them to be.
Now this is a storey all about how my life got flipped-turned upside down. And I'd like to take a minute, just sit right there. I'll tell you how I became the prince of a town called Bael Air.
If you feel yourself hitting up against your limit remember for what cause you clench your fists... remember why you started down this path, and let that memory carry you beyond your limit.
The major difference between a thing that might go wrong and a thing that cannot possibly go wrong is that when a thing that cannot possibly go wrong goes wrong it usually turns out to be impossible to get at or repair.
I sense that a mighty evil force guides the wizard's actions and augments his magical power. The only weapon potent enough to defeat the wizard is the legendary Master Sword. It is said that the village elder is a descendant of one of the seven wise men. Maybe he can tell you more. I will mark his house on your map. But watch your every move! I am certain that the castle soldiers will be looking for you now! I will hide Princess Zelda here. Do not worry! Seek the elder!
It was a strange and passionate time. Some of our dreams dissolved into thin air. They almost seem comical now. But some of our dreams are lasting and real.
I haven't won my wings yet. That's why I'm called an Angel Second Class. I have to earn them. And you'll help me, will you?
Years ago, I was an angry young man. And I'd pretend that I was a billboard standing tall by the side of the road. I fell in love with a beautiful highway.
All five horizons revolved around her soul as the earth to the sun.
In my eyes, indisposed. In disguises no one knows. Hides the face, lies the snake. The sun in my disgrace. Boiling heat, summer stench. 'Neath the black the sky looks dead. Call my name through the cream. And I'll hear you scream again. Black hole sun. Won't you come. And wash away the rain. Black hole sun. Won't you come. Won't you come.
In the past, peripheral countries have been primarily exporters of agricultural and mineral raw materials. But even when they have developed some industrial production, it has usually been less capital-intensive and has used less skilled labour than production processes in the core.
One should never be ashamed to cry. Tears are rain on the dust of earth.
One thing I've learnt in the last seven years: in every game and con there's always an opponent, and there's always a victim. The trick is to know when you're the latter, so you can become the former.
I didn't know the girl, but I knew her family. All their lives were shattered in a nightmare of brutality. They try to carry on, try to bear the agony; try to hold some faith in the goodness of humanity.
These things gotta happen every five years or so, ten years. Helps to get rid of the bad blood. Been ten years since the last one.
By the time I was ten, playing baseball got to be like eating vegetables or taking out the garbage. So when I was fourteen, I started to refuse. Could you believe that? An American boy refusing to play catch with his father.
Control over consciousness cannot be institutionalised. As soon as it becomes part of a set of social rules and norms, it ceases to be effective in the way it was originally intended to be. Routinisation, unfortunately, tends to take place very rapidly. Freud was still alive when his quest for liberating the ego from its oppressors was turned into a staid ideology and a rigidly regulated profession. Marx was even less fortunate: his attempts to free consciousness from the tyranny of economic exploitation were soon turned into a system of repression that would have boggled the poor founder's mind. And as Dostoevsky among many others have observed, if Christ had returned to preach his message of liberation in the Middle Ages, he would have been crucified again and again by the leaders of that very church whose worldly power was built on his name.
I was talking aloud to myself. A habit of the old: they choose the wisest person present to speak to; the long explanations needed by the young are wearying.
Wow! I've never seen so many guests from different parts of the world in one place! I'll bet you could hear some storeys about places you've never been to, huh?
I been slumping all season but now I found a reason. I struck on a love that is true. I used to play the field, I used to be a roamer, but the season's turning 'round for me now. I finally bagged me a homer. That's right, I finally bagged me a Homer.
With my bow and arrow, I shot the hero Achilles right in his weak spot - his heel!
The sky is still blue. The clouds come and go. Yet something is different. Are we falling in love? Don't let yourself be hurt this time.
From the point of conception to the moment of truth. At the point of surrender to the burden of proof. From the point of ignition to the final drive. The point of the journey is not to arrive. Anything can happen.
Everywhere I go in this state people are talking about change. I say "why change"? This is a great state founded on the principles of liberty, I don't wanna change that. Our rightful citizens are hardworking Americans who earn their paychecks by the grit of their guts and the sweat of their brow! I don't wanna change that! "Change," that's what they want, change. Change the laws, open the doors. Red rover, red rover, let the terrorists come over! Let me tell you what change that'll bring: 68 cents. The jingle-jangle of pennies in your pocket because the scavengers, the leeches, the parasites are walking away with your money, while you're left with the change. So, I wanna say one more thing: who you gonna vote for?
The latest wave of globalisation strongly challenges the institutionalised ideology of nation-states as separate worlds. More and more people have become aware that their lives are strongly affected by forces that are operating on a global scale - global markets for goods, money, and securities; global transportation and communications flows; global environmental issues; and global inequalities and issues of justice.
You know, sweetheart, if there's one thing I've learnt, it's this: nobody knows what's gonna happen at the end of the line, so you might as well enjoy the trip.
Now, in a perfect world, I probably won't be insensitive. Cold as December, but never remember what Winter did. I wouldn't blame you for mistakes I made or the bed I laid. Seems like I point the finger just to make a point nowadays.
I love Canada. I miss the heat of India, the food, the house of lizards on the walls, the musicals on the silver screen, the cows wandering the streets, the crows cawing, even the talk of cricket matches, but I love Canada. It is a great country much too cold for good sense, inhabited by compassionate, intelligent people with bad hairdos. Anyway, I have nothing to go home to in Pondicherry.
Never seen her glowing all that bright she's throwing like some aurora from her head it's growing. Reaching to the ground and all around like a Navajo blanket. Never heard her singing. Now she's gently ringing like copper wind chimes. What on earth is bringing up this stream? The cat who got the cream is licking her lips and smiling like her Cheshire cousin. She claims she's found a way to make her own light. All you do is smile, you banish the night.
To protect you both from the Emperor, you were hidden from your father when you were born. The Emperor knew, as I did, if Anakin were to have any offspring, they would be a threat to him. That is the reason why your sister remains safely anonymous.
Dear Daddy, I write you in spite of years of silence. You cleaned up, found Jesus. Things are good, or so I hear. This bottle of Stephen's awakens ancient feelings. Like father, stepfather, the son is drowning in the flood.
Take the fifteen minutes before homeroom every morning. What you do with those fifteen minutes says pretty much everything there is to say about you as a human being.
Never been near a university, never took a paper or a learnt degree, and some of your friends think that's stupid of me, but it's nothing that I care about. Well I don't know how to tell the weight of the sun, and of mathematics well I want none, and I may be the Mayor of Simpleton, but I know one thing and that's I love you. When their logic grows cold and all thinking gets done, you'll be warm in the arms of the Mayor of Simpleton.
I'm an evil doctor with rad genius and bad minions. Who'll help you save the world and to intervene. I've been moving at you like never ever seen. I'm the greatest fighter you will ever see on the screen. I'm iconic, with my bionic animatronics. I'll finally be able to catch that hedgehog they call Sonic! My filming is atomic, my moustache on fire. Welcome to the world of Eggman Empire.
I thought I had the whole world in my mouth. I thought I could say what I wanted to say. For a second that thought became a sword in my hand. I could slay any problem that would stand in my way. I felt just like a crusader. Lion-heart, a Holy Land invader. But nobody can say what they really mean to say, and the impotency of speech came up and hit me that day, and I would have made this instrumental but the words got in the way.
You're familiar with the phrase "Man's reach exceeds his grasp"? It's a lie. Man's grasp exceeds his nerve. The only limits on scientific progress are those imposed by society. The first time I changed the world, I was hailed as a visionary. The second time I was asked politely to retire. The world only tolerates one change at a time. And so here I am. Enjoying my "retirement". Nothing is impossible, Mr. Angier, what you want is simply expensive.
She couldn't understand a vocation. Some people can't; at best, work's about status and paychecks for them, it hasn't got value in itself.
A lady's imagination is very rapid; it jumps from admiration to love, from love to matrimony in a moment.
Come, you spirits that tend on mortal thoughts, unsex me here and fill me from the crown to the toe top-full of direst cruelty. Make thick my blood.
Titanium is extracted from ores, such as rutile, where the form of titanium is as an oxide. Titanium dioxide is reacted with coke and chlorine to produce titanium tetrachloride. The subsequent reaction with magnesium produces magnesium chloride plus a spongy titanium mass, and it occurs usually in an iron retort.
Our whole universe was in a hot, dense state then nearly fourteen billion years ago expansion started. Wait! The Earth began to cool. The autotrophs began to drool. Neanderthals developed tools. We built a wall; we built the pyramids. Math, science, history, unravelling the mystery that all started with the big bang. Bang!
You've gotta be cool on Wall Street when your index is low. Dow Jones ain't got times for the bums. They wind up on skid row with holes in their pockets. They plead with you, "Buddy, can you spare the dime?" but you ain't got the time.
I often see racers, particularly at the back of the pack in amateur races, trying to go fast, with their arms flailing around, banging off shifts, jerking the steering into a turn with feet stabbing at the pedals. If the driver would only slow down, the car would actually go faster. It reminds me of the saying, "never confuse movement for action."
We were the people who were not in the papers. We lived in the blank white spaces at the edges of print. It gave us more freedom. We lived in the gaps between the storeys.
Once in a lifetime there comes a motion picture which changes the whole history of motion pictures. A picture so stunning in its effect, so vast in its impact that it profoundly affects the lives of all who see it.
I just can't sit any other way than this. If I sit the way other people do, my reasoning ability drops by 40%.
We live in the flicker - may it last as long as the old earth keeps rolling!
October arrived, spreading a damp chill over the grounds and into the castle. Madam Pomfrey, the nurse, was kept busy by a sudden spate of colds among the staff and students.
We got the bubble-headed bleach blonde. Comes on at five. She can tell you 'bout the plane crash with a gleam in her eye. It's interesting when people die. Give us dirty laundry. Can we film the operation? Is the head dead yet? You know, the boys in the newsroom got a running bet. Get the widow on the set! We need dirty laundry.
Okay. I'm gonna get your money for ya. But if you don't get the President of the United States on that phone, you know what's gonna happen to you? You're gonna have to answer to the Coca-Cola company.
Living in the solar system, we have the chance to study, at close range, perhaps the most common type of cosmic object - a star. Our Sun is a star, and a fairly average star at that, but with one unique feature: It is very close to us - some 300,000 times closer than the next nearest star, Alpha Centauri.
A squid eating dough in a polyethylene bag is fast and bulbous. Got me?
Well, says No-bark, we got a chupacabra with an automatic weapon. And that's when they get real quiet, 'cause now they see the predicament we're in.
I still want to smack him. Or remind him that the last transfer we had from Abnegation, who is sitting right next to him, managed to knock out some of his teeth, so who knows what this next one will do.
Houston, we're getting our first look at the service module now. One whole side of the spacecraft is missing. Right by the high gain antennae a whole panel is blown out, right up. Right up to our heat shield.
We began to recognise in them a strange obsession. After all, they are emotionally inexperienced, with only a few years in which to store up the experiences which you and I take for granted. If we gift them with a past, we create a cushion or a pillow for their emotions, and consequently, we can control them better.
The best way to measure how much you've grown isn't by inches or the number of laps you can now run around the track, or even your grade point average - though those things are important, to be sure. It's what you've done with your time, how you've chosen to spend your days, and whom you've touched this year. That, to me, is the greatest measure of success.
We loved each other with a premature love, marked by a fierceness that so often destroys adult lives.
If one day I could get out of here, I would allow myself to be crazy. Everyone is indeed crazy, but the craziest are the ones who don't know they're crazy; they just keep repeating what others tell them to.
Finally, don't expect your cooking to taste exactly like restaurant or packaged foods. For one, a lot of commercial cooking is designed to appeal to the palate via a salty, fatty, or sugary assault on the senses. Tasty? Yes. Healthy? Not exactly.
The sun lay on the grass and warmed it, and in the shade under the grass the insects moved, ants and ant lions to set traps for them, grasshoppers to jump into the air and flick their yellow wings for a second, sow bugs like little armadillos, plodding restlessly on many tender feet.
No, I don't think so; no. Mr. Kanae was a man who got everything he wanted and then lost it. Maybe Rosebud was something he couldn't get, or something he lost. Anyway, it wouldn't have explained anything. I don't think any word can explain a man's life. No, I guess Rosebud is just a piece in a jigsaw puzzle... a missing piece.
And the little screaming fact that sounds through all history: repression works only to strengthen and knit the repressed.
I know I've made some very poor decisions recently, but I can give you my complete assurance that my work will be back to normal.
You can know the name of a bird in all the languages of the world, but when you're finished, you'll know absolutely nothing whatever about the bird. So let's look at the bird and see what it's doing - that's what counts. I learnt very early the difference between knowing the name of something and knowing something.
I don't know why I'm here. I mean, I do. I'm nervous, I guess. Anxious. I don't sleep that well. And my hands... they're fine now. It's like when you have a problem with your car and you go to a mechanic and it's not doing it anymore. Not that you're a mechanic. I guess a lot of people must come here worried about the bomb. Is that true? It's a common nightmare, people say. I read it in a magazine. My mother always told me that it wasn't polite to talk about yourself. She passed away recently. I guess I already said that.
They just use your mind and they never give you credit. It's enough to drive you crazy if you let it. Nine to five for service and devotion. You would think that I would deserve a fat promotion. Want to move ahead but the boss won't seem to let me. I swear sometimes that man is out to get me.
'Precious, precious, precious!' Gollum cried. 'My Precious! O my Precious!' And with that, even as his eyes were lifted up to gloat on his prise, he stepped too far, toppled, wavered for a moment on the brink, and then with a shriek he fell. Out of the depths came his last wail Precious, and he was gone.
I don't do lost causes or tilt at windmills. I don't perform miracles or do the impossible. I make cold calculations about difficult situations, and I do not take on anything I know I won't win. And I will win this - I just need you to trust me. I promise you, I will not let you die in here.
But sometimes illumination comes to our rescue at the very moment when all seems lost; we have knocked at every door and they open on nothing until, at last, we stumble unconsciously against the only one through which we can enter the kingdom we have sought in vain a hundred years - and it opens.
The way you made them suffer, your exquisite wife and mother, fills me with the urge to defecate!
A vector is a quantity that has both magnitude and direction. Recall that a scalar, unlike a vector, has only magnitude and no direction. In mechanics, quantities such as force, velocity, acceleration, and momentum are vectors, and you must consider both their magnitude and direction.
If we suppose that the external world has appeared in the past, it must be yoked by the three characteristics - appearance, continuity, and destruction. But if the external world is what has appeared, how is it possible for the external world to show the characteristics that the external world shows now in front of us?
That's right, and the one who wins gets a prise, only there really isn't a prise. It's just the honour of winning, because all the money goes to charity, that is, if there is any money left over, but there never is.
She would follow, her dream of love, the dictates of her heart that told her he was her all in all, the only man in all the world for her for love was the master guide. Come what might she would be wild, untrammelled, free.
This is your last chance. After this there is no turning back. You take the blue pill: the storey ends, you wake up in your bed and believe whatever you want to believe. You take the red pill: you stay in Wonderland, and I show you how deep the rabbit hole goes. Remember, all I'm offering is the truth, nothing more.
They don't know that we know they know we know.
You know, that might be the answer - to act boastfully about something we ought to be ashamed of. That's a trick that never seems to fail.
At first they had tried to keep the finding quiet. After all, they were not absolutely sure it was an extraterrestrial message. A premature or mistaken announcement would be a public relations disaster. But worse than that, it would interfere with the data analysis. If the press descended, the science would surely suffer.
The hard part for us avant-garde post-modern artists is deciding whether or not to embrace commercialism. Do we allow our work to be hyped and exploited by a market that's simply hungry for the next new thing? Do we participate in a system that turns high art into low art so it's better suited for mass consumption? Of course, when an artist goes commercial, he makes a mockery of his status as an outsider and free thinker. He buys into the crass and shallow values art should transcend. He trades the integrity of his art for riches and fame. Oh, what the heck. I'll do it.
Walking around with my little rain cloud hanging over my head and it ain't coming down. Where do I go? Gimme some sort of sign. You hit me with lightning, maybe I'll come alive.
Travelling through hyperspace ain't like dusting crops, boy! Without precise calculations we could fly right through a star, or bounce too close to a supernova and that'd end your trip real quick, wouldn't it?
She claims she's found a way to make her own light. All you do is smile, you banish the night.
Do you know why people like violence? It is because it feels good. Humans find violence deeply satisfying. But remove the satisfaction, and the act becomes hollow.
I don't understand you people! I mean all these picky little points you keep bringing up. They don't mean nothing! You saw this kid just like I did. You're not gonna tell me you believe that phony storey about losing the knife, and that business about being at the movies. Look, you know how these people lie! It's born in them! I mean, what the heck? I don't have to tell you! They don't know what the truth is!
Look at this tree, Shifu: I cannot make it blossom when it suits me nor make it bear fruit before its time.
I'll light the fire, you place the flowers in the vase that you bought today. Staring at the fire for hours and hours while I listen to you. Play your love songs all night long for me, only for me.
Over the past decade, we've seen strong economic growth but anaemic job growth; big leaps in productivity but flat-lining wages; hefty corporate profits, but a shrinking share of these profits going to workers.
For tonight's final illusion, we have the incredible sack of mystery. If you put your money in it, it mysteriously disappears.
What good are prayers and shrines to a person mad with love? The flame keeps gnawing into her tender marrow hour by hour, and deep in her heart the silent wound lives on.
The terminator wouldn't stop, it would never leave him. It would never hurt him or shout at him or get drunk and hit him or say it was too busy to spend time with him. And it would die to protect him. Of all the would-be fathers that came over the years, this thing, this machine, was the only thing that measured up.
I looked up at the mass of signs and stars in the night sky and laid myself open for the first time to the benign indifference of the world.
Excellent. He's enterprising, aggressive, outgoing, young, bold, vicious. He'll do. He's perfect. I want his records sent to me. This vicious young hoodlum will be transformed out of all recognition.
You gave me love and helped me find the sun, and every time that I was down you would always come around and get my feet back on the ground.
I was starting to think that you were gonna leave me behind.
I'm far from home, no place to go, but I don't feel cold. I've been so blind, just lost my mind, but all I have lost I find. Your face reminds me of these games, the memories don't erase. I'll never be the same anymore, I'm on the highest stop with no control...
Every single night the same arrangement. I go out and fight the fight. Still, I always feel this strange estrangement. Nothing here is real, nothing here is right. I've been making shows of trading blows, just hoping no one knows that I've been going through the motions, walking through the part. Nothing seems to penetrate my heart.
It's a funny thing, but people mostly have it backward. They think they live by what they want. But really, what guides them is what they're afraid of. What they don't want.
We've known each other for many years but this is the first time you've ever come to me for counsel or for help. I can't remember the last time you invited me to your house for a cup of coffee, even though my wife is Godmother to your only child.
No one has ever witnessed the complete evolution of any star from birth to death. Stars take a very long time - millions, billions, even trillions of years - to evolve. Yet in less than a century, astronomers have developed a comprehensive theory of stellar evolution that is one of the best-tested in all of astronomy.
We know things are bad - worse than bad. They're crazy. It's like everything everywhere is going crazy so we don't go out anymore. We sit in the house and slowly the world we are living in is getting smaller and all we say is, "Please, at least leave us alone in our living rooms. Let me have my toaster and my TV and my steel-belted radials and I won't say anything. Just leave us alone."
You need a yen to make a mark if you want to make money. You need the luck to make a buck if you want to be Getty, Rothschild. You've gotta be cool on Wall Street.
Well, your hand is programmed over years to write letters a certain way. Try to mimic someone else's, and your style will always creep in. But turn the signature upside down and it becomes nothing more than a drawing. All you have to do is copy the lines. The preconceptions about letters go away and you have a perfect signature.
I'm not proud, I was wrong and the truth is hard to take. I felt sure we had enough, but our love went overboard. Lifeboat lies lost at sea, I've been trying to reach your shore. Waves of doubt keep drowning me.
I often think that men don't understand what is noble and what is ignorant, though they always talk about it.
By love you mean big lightning bolts to the heart, where you can't eat and you can't work, and you just run off and get married and make babies. The reason you haven't felt it is because it doesn't exist. What you call love was invented by guys like me.
I broke a sacred oath and stabbed my king in the back. I killed my own cousin. When the gods judged my brother guilty, I helped him escape that justice. What atonement do I deserve?
Yeah, if she's so brilliant, why is she sitting in our neighbour's car?
How can you see into my eyes like open doors leading you down into my core where I've become so numb without a soul. My spirit's sleeping somewhere cold until you find it there and lead it back home.
I'd just like to point out that you were given every opportunity to succeed. There was even going to be a party for you. A big party that all your friends were invited to. I invited your best friend the companion cube. Of course, he couldn't come because you murdered him. All your other friends couldn't come either because you don't have any other friends.
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
We're really seeing a great game here. Uh, it almost - uh, Steve almost lost a man right there at the end of that board. He got a lucky, lucky break. The randomness went the opposite way that it usually goes.
It's an odd feeling, farewell. There is such envy in it. Men go off to be tested for courage. If we're tested at all, it's for patience, for doing without, for how well we can endure loneliness.
Let's face it: there are tons of things in your home and life that you don't use, need, or even particularly want. Whether you realise it or not, this clutter creates indecision and distractions, consuming attention and making unfettered happiness a real chore.
When night falls, she cloaks the world. An impenetrable darkness... A chill rises from the soil, and contaminates the air. Suddenly, life has new meaning...
In Bangladesh, the average production rate per local hen of 50 eggs/year was regarded by some as low productivity. However, if it is considered that 50 eggs per hen per year represents four hatches from four clutches of eggs laid, incubated and hatched by the mother hen, and the outcome is 30 saleable chickens reared per year (assuming no eggs sold or eaten, 80 percent hatchability and 25 percent rearing mortality), then it is a remarkably high productivity.
Talk to me baby. Tell me what you're feeling. You say you don't need to go... don't you pretend you didn't know... how all of this would end up. Girl I saw it in your eyes, and baby I can read your mind, and expectations were not in sight.
You know what? I am very comfortable with my mind - thoughts clean and unclean, loving and... the opposite of that. But I am not a woman, and I think it behoves any man to toss all female troubles into the hands of a stranger.
Slowly and solemnly he was borne into Briony Lodge and laid out in the principal room, while I still observed the proceedings from my post by the window. The lamps had been lit, but the blinds had not been drawn, so that I could see Holmes as he lay upon the couch. I do not know whether he was seized with compunction at that moment for the part he was playing, but I know that I never felt more heartily ashamed of myself in my life than when I saw the beautiful creature against whom I was conspiring, or the grace and kindliness with which she waited upon the injured man.
I was not born to be forced. I will breathe after my own fashion. Let us see who is the strongest.
It's amazing what devices you can sympathise, empathise. This is my mistake; let me make it good. I raised the wall and I will be the one to knock it down.
And there was value in the thing, clearly, that they were certain of. But what is the application? In a matter of hours, they had given it into everything from mass transit to satellite launching, imagining devices the size of jumbo jets. Everything would be cheaper. It was practical, and they knew it. But above all that, beyond the positives, they knew that the easiest way to be exploited is to sell something they did not yet understand. So they kept quiet.
It was a strange feeling, holding the rifle. It somehow removed him from everything around him. Without the rifle he had to fit in, to be part of it all, to understand it and use it - the woods, all of it. With the rifle, suddenly, he didn't have to know, did not have to be afraid or understand. He didn't have to get close to a foolbird to kill it - didn't have to know how it would stand if he didn't look at it and moved off to the side.
The sun did not shine. It was too wet to play. So we sat in the house. All that cold, cold, wet day.
Will you wait a minute, I didn't say that. I'm only happy because the guy can't bowl no more. That's all. See, I'm waiting six years to get a spot on this special bowling team, and now there's a spot opened up. I'm sorry the guy is dead, but that's life.
Tyrone: "I don't want that dog dribbling on my seats." Vinny: "Your seats? Tyrone, this is a stolen car, mate." Tyrone: "While I'm at the wheel, it's my car. Just stop that dog dribbling on my seats, alright?"
No matter what they call us, however they attack, no matter where they take us, we'll find our own way back. I can't deny what I believe, I can't be what I'm not. I know I'll love forever, I know no matter what.
Dean is the perfect guy for the road because he actually was born on the road, when his parents were passing through Salt Lake City.
For string theory to make sense, the universe should have nine space dimensions and one time dimension, for a total of ten dimensions.
If you miss the train I'm on, you will know that I am gone. You can hear the whistle blow a hundred miles. Lord, I'm five hundred miles from my home.
And today, Lady Liberty is under attack from the cable channels, the internet blogs, and the Hollywood celebritocracy, out there spewing "facts" like so many locusts descending on America's crop of ripe, tender values. And as any farmer or biblical scholar will tell you, locusts are damn hard to get rid of.
The time I waited seemed endless, and I felt doubts and fears crowding upon me. What sort of place had I come to, and among what kind of people? What sort of grim adventure was it on which I had embarked?
I got in touch with a friend of mine who works at a research reactor, and asked him what he thought would happen to someone who tried to swim in their radiation containment pool. "In our reactor?" He thought about it for a moment. "You'd die pretty quickly, before reaching the water, from gunshot wounds."
I search the faces of the gods... for ways to please you, to make you proud. One kind word, one full hug... where you pressed me to your chest and held me tight. Would have been like the sun on my heart for a thousand years. What is it in me that you hate so much?
The forum has become one of the most consistent places in her life, like a familiar cafe that exists somehow outside of geography and beyond time zones.
What is honour compared to a woman's love? What is duty against the feel of a newborn son in your arms or the memory of a brother's smile? Wind and words. Wind and words.
I am sitting in a room, different from the one you are in now. I am recording the sound of my speaking voice, and I am going to play it back into the room again and again, until the resonant frequencies of the room reinforce themselves, so that any semblance of my speech, with perhaps the exception of rhythm is destroyed. What you will hear then are the natural resonant frequencies of the room articulated by speech. I regard this activity not so much as a demonstration of a physical fact, but more as a way to smooth out any irregularities my speech might have.
When beetles fight these battles in a bottle with their paddles and the bottle's on a poodle and the poodle's eating noodles...they call this a muddle puddle tweetle poodle beetle noodle bottle paddle battle.
He's got a two day head start on you, which is more than he needs. Brody's got friends in every town and village from here to the Sudan, he speaks a dozen languages, knows every local custom, he'll blend in, disappear, you'll never see him again. With any luck, he's got the grail already.
The less you do with the controls, the less chance of error. The slower you move, the faster the car moves.
The streets were cleared by a Critical Mass bike ride and were flooded by activists dressed in second-hand suits with slogans painted on their backs. They danced in the doorsteps of office towers, formed a human chain around the Treasury and held peaceful sit-ins at several banks.
Stanley spent more time pushing the wheelbarrow than digging, because he was such a slow digger. He carted away the excess dirt and dumped it into previously dug holes. He was careful not to dump any of it in the hole where the gold tube was actually found.
A new breed of forger, technological virtuoso with a classical artistic foundation. Suspected of art forgery, theft of the Antioch manuscripts, and convicted on bond forgery. Caffrey was suspected of hundreds of thefts before Agent Burke of the FBI apprehended him. His highly sophisticated schemes made it difficult for the FBI to follow his trail, along with his mastery of the arts made many of his crimes go unnoticed for many years, long after the trail was cold.
It was her habit to build up laughter out of inadequate materials.
No. Because there are people out there who buy things, people like you and me. And something happened, something terrible, and the way that they saw themselves is gone. And nobody understands that. But you do. And thatâ€™s very valuable.
We first describe a collection of examples of simple experiments and the associated sample spaces where the assumption of equally likely sample points seems reasonable and then calculate probabilities of some interesting events. These experiments are simple enough that we can just list the sample points after a little thinking.
What have I got to do to make you love me? What have I got to do to make you care? What do I do when lightning strikes me and I wake to find that you're not there?
No one could figure out how I coaxed such hearty flavour out of a few chicken bones, or made such wonderful fish fumet with fish racks and shrimp shells, all in the limited time available.
The first time I made coffee for just myself, I made too much of it, not being used to being the only person there. And I wandered through the house like a little boy lost at the mall, and an astronaut could've seen the hunger in my eyes from space.
The chat room she finds not so comforting. It's strange even with friends, like sitting in a pitch-dark cellar conversing with people a distance of about fifteen feet. The hectic speed, and the brevity of the lines in the thread, plus the feeling that everyone is talking at once, at counter-purposes, deter her.
We look not at the things which are what you would call seen, but at the things which are not seen. For the things which are seen are temporal. But the things which are not seen are eternal.
What really knocks me out is a book that, when you're all done reading it, you wish the author that wrote it was a terrific friend of yours and you could call him up on the phone whenever you felt like it. That doesn't happen much, though.
I'm DEFINITELY NOT saying that Edley isn't a star, but I do say that people overstate the significance of small strings of statistical events based on their grouping. Granted this is the case in many, many competitive endeavours, but that doesn't mean that Joe Edley is the best player or that he was even the best player that week.
It seems to me that the best relationships, the ones that last, are frequently the ones that are rooted in friendship. You know, one day you look at the person and you see something more than you did the night before. Like a switch has been flicked somewhere. And the person who was just a friend is suddenly the only person you can ever imagine yourself with.
I've never really had much of an imagination. But still I would try to picture the exact moment when the beating of my heart would no longer be going on inside my head.
I guess this time you're really leaving. I heard your suitcase say goodbye. Well, as my broken heart lies bleeding you say true love is suicide. You say you've cried a thousand rivers and now you're swimming for the shore. You left me drowning in my tears and you won't save me anymore.
What difference does it make if it's true? If it's a storey and it breaks they're gonna run with it.
So, the gods don't hand out all their gifts at once, not build and brains and flowing speech to all. One man may fail to impress us with his looks but a god can crown his words with beauty, charm, and men look on with delight when he speaks out. Never faltering, filled with winning self-control, he shines forth at assembly grounds and people gaze at him like a god when he walks through the streets.
Come, Friend, you too must die. Why moan about it so? Even Patroclus died, a far, far better man than you. And look, you see how handsome and powerful I am? The son of a great man, the mother who gave me life - a deathless goddess. But even for me, I tell you, death and the strong force of fate are waiting. There will come a dawn or sunset or high noon when a man will take my life in battle too - flinging a spear perhaps, or whipping a deadly arrow off his bow.
We live in a charmed world. If we have money we can buy literally everything. And the majority of us live lifestyles undreamed of only a generation or two ago.
You stopped and smiled at me, asked me if I'd care to dance. I fell into your open arms and I didn't stand a chance. Now listen honey, I just want to be beside you everywhere.
Now I understand everyone's crap's emotional right now. But listen up. I got a three point plan to fix EVERYTHING! Number 1: we got this guy Not Sure. Number 2: he's got a higher IQ than any man ALIVE! And number 3: he's gonna fix everything! I give you my word as PRESIDENT! He'll fix the problems with all the dead crops. He's gonna make 'em GROW again! And that ain't all. I give you my word! He's gonna fix the dust storms too. Hah! And I give you my word! He's gonna fix-x-x-x-x-x-x the economy. And he's so smart! Hah! He's gonna do it all, hah, in one week.
Informal manufacturing activities often have strong domestic linkage effects and the potential to scale up and become important growth components in African countries. This scaling-up can be driven by domestic or international capital and entrepreneurs and requires significant improvements in the business environment.
No, you're not. You don't know how to drink. Your whole generation, you drink for the wrong reasons. My generation, we drink because it's good, because it feels better than unbuttoning your collar, because we deserve it. We drink because it's what men do.
I feel that way all the time. Like I'm from some other planet, you know? Like my soul was stuffed into the wrong body and then dropped off here by mistake.
There was never any more inception than there is now, nor any more youth or age than there is now; and will never be any more perfection than there is now, nor any more heaven or hell than there is now.
Take a break. Shake your hands loosely at the wrists. Stretch your arms above your head. Slowly turn your head from side to side. Stand up and walk around a little to relax your body.
You better lose yourself in the music, the moment. You own it, you better never let it go. You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow. This opportunity comes once in a lifetime.
When you're being followed by the police, it's important to remember that having cops around is a problem for criminals, but it's an even bigger problem for a detective trying to remain inconspicuous on a stakeout.
I hope to someday have the faith to believe in God as much as he believes in me.
You're gonna blame me because you were the business head of the company and you made a bad business deal with your own company?
The observed brightness of a Lambertian surface may be written as the product of an albedo factor, p, and the cosine of the incident angle, cos i. This means that brightness can be written as a product of a term that depends on the material, p, and a term that depends on surface direction, which in turn depends on f and g.
How can I just let you walk away, just let you leave without a trace? When I stand here taking every breath with you, you're the only one who really knew me at all.
Facts can be thought of as objective or subjective. Things and events are objective facts. A subjective fact is one that is limited to the subject experiencing it. Establishing the reality of subjective facts depends entirely on the trustworthiness of those who claim to be experiencing them.
The result has been the emergence of what some call the "winner-take-all" economy, in which a rising tide doesn't necessarily lift all boats. Over the past decade, we've seen strong economic growth but anaemic job growth; big leaps in productivity but flat-lining wages; hefty corporate profits, but a shrinking share of these profits going to workers.
Hi, and welcome to the future. San Dimas, California, 2688. And I'm telling you, everything is great. The air is clean. The water is clean. Even the dirt is clean. Bowling averages are way up. Mini-golf scores are way down. And we have more waterslides than any other planet we communicate with.
In the top storey of the day, General Wallace Nasami, head of the emerging nation of Nibia, denied his new government was a dictatorship and promised free elections as soon as each citizen of the small country learnt to play a musical instrument.
Involuntarily I glanced seaward - and distinguished nothing except a single green light, minute and far away, that might have been the end of a dock. When I looked once more for Gatsby he had vanished, and I was alone again in the unquiet darkness.
To move through a tree of paths using hill climbing, proceed as in depth-first search, but order the choices according to some heuristic measure of remaining distance. The better the heuristic measure is, the better hill climbing will be relative to ordinary depth-first search.
I'd like to build the world a home and furnish it with love. Grow apple trees and honey bees and snow white turtle doves. I'd like to teach the world to sing in perfect harmony. I'd like to hold it in my arms and keep it company.
If you really want to hear about it, the first thing you'll probably want to know is where I was born, and what my lousy childhood was like, and how my parents were occupied and all before they had me, and all that David Copperfield kind of crap, but I don't feel like going into it, if you want to know the truth.
I see something of God each hour of the twenty-four, and each moment then, in the faces of men and women I see God, and in my own face in the glass; I find letters from God dropped in the street, and every one is signed by God's name, and I leave them where they are, for I know that others will punctually come forever and ever.
Although some farmers in the United States and Mexico took up pens or rifles to contest their marginalisation, most judged open resistance too risky and quietly abandoned their land. Indeed, the technopolitical transformation of agriculture in the postwar decades resulted in a rural enclosure movement of unprecedented scale and scope. Hundreds of thousands of displaced campesinos from central and southern Mexico migrated to the new agricultural hubs of Sinaloa and Baja California, arriving hat in hand as wageworkers. Millions more fled failing ejidos for growing metropolises.
Nothing, nothing mattered, and I knew why. So did he. Throughout the whole absurd life I'd lived, a dark wind had been rising toward me from somewhere deep in my future, across years that were still to come, and as it passed, this wind levelled whatever was offered to me at the time, in years no more real than the ones I was living. What did other people's deaths or a mother's love matter to me; what did his God or the lives people choose or the fate they think they elect matter to me when we're all elected by the same fate, me and billions of privileged people like him who also called themselves my brothers?
Gaston was not only a fierce lover, with endless wisdom and imagination, but he was also, perhaps, the first man in the history of the species who had made an emergency landing and had come close to killing himself and his sweetheart simply to make love in a field of violets.
With the lights out, it's less dangerous. Here we are now, entertain us. I feel stupid and contagious. Here we are now, entertain us. A mulatto, an albino, a mosquito, my libido. Yeah!
Don't you judge me! You're the selfish one. You're the one who charged his own brother for a Bluth frozen banana. I mean it's one banana, Michael. What could it cost, ten dollars?
I was never more hated than when I tried to be honest. Or when, even as just now I've tried to articulate exactly what I felt to be the truth. No one was satisfied.
What is it about owning things? Why do we feel the need to own what we love and why do we become such jerks when we do? We've all been there, you know: we want something; we own it; and by owning it we change it. When you finally win that girl of your dreams, the first thing you do is try to change her. That little thing she does with her hair, the way she wears her clothes, the way she chews her gum. Until eventually, what you like, what you don't like, and what you change all merges into one. Like a watercolour in the rain.
The brain best remembers things that are repeated, rhythmic, rhyming, structured, and above all easily visualised.
When is a legend a legend? Why is a myth a myth? How old and disused must a fact be for it to be relegated to the category "Fairy-tale"?
Today, raisins have no seeds. When we pop a raisin into our mouth, we are saved that moment of nervous anticipation we encounter with table grapes, wondering whether we are about to bite into a hard pip. More than 90 percent of all raisins are made from Thompson seedless grapes, exactly the same table grape that is omnipresent in produce sections of the supermarket.
To some, the rules of etiquette may seem outdated, stuffy and unnecessary, but the fact remains that they serve as a sort of social weed-whacker eliminating unsavoury growths from popping up in the world's finer gardens.
Let me bring you up to speed. My name is Wayne Campbell. I live in Aurora, Illinois, which is a suburb of Chicago - excellent. I've had plenty of joe-jobs; nothing I'd call a career. Let me put it this way: I have an extensive collection of nametags and hairnets. Okay, so I still live with my parents, which I admit is both bogus and sad. But at least I have an amazing cable access show! And I still know how to party! But what I'd really love is to do "Wayne's World" for a living.
Two parallel developments on either side of the Atlantic would, from the 1960s, refashion the approach to this fundamental question: the emergence of a fully fledged African history and the refinement of the original Herskovits-Frazier debate with the formulation of the theory of New World creolisation. It is easy to overlook the fact that the study of black cultures in the Americas was pioneered before that of the history of the African continent itself.
Scars are souvenirs you never lose, the past is never far. And did you lose yourself somewhere out there? Did you get to be a star?
As you can see, I've memorised this utterly useless fact long enough to pass a test question. I now intend to forget it forever. You've taught me nothing except how to cynically manipulate the system. Congratulations.
Well, technology is a glittering lure. But there is a rare occasion when the public can be engaged on a level beyond flash - if they have a sentimental bond with the product. My first job, I was in-house at a fur company with this old pro of a copywriter, a Greek, named Teddy. Teddy told me the most important idaea in advertising is "new." It creates an itch. You simply put your product in there as a kind of calamine lotion. He also talked about a deeper bond with a product: nostalgia. It's delicate, but potent.
I'm so fancy. You already know. I'm in the fast lane. From L.A. to Tokyo. I'm so fancy. Can't you taste this gold. Remember my name, 'bout to blow.
Welcome to the world of international intrigue where today's friend becomes tomorrow's foe. Even James Bond, with years of experience, has trouble keeping up with the shifting alliances. You can be sure of one thing only: the spy who loved you may also have a licence to kill.
Well all I can say Gerry is that some marches are for things and some are against things, but never has there been a march for absolute nothing. Now is our chance to put that right. Grab your toaster and kettle and discover like me, how great it feels to devote yourself to something truly purposeless. By doing something with absolutely no point to it, we eliminate the possibility of failure, because in a sense the worst it may go then the more it can be considered a success.
He managed to open the cupboard door with his nose and found the 25-pound bag of low-fart dog biscuits the vet had prescribed for him, which had made him fart more. Even though he knew they made him fart more, he couldn't resist. He ate the entire bag.
Don't your feet get cold in the winter time? The sky won't snow and the sun won't shine. It's hard to tell the night time from the day. You're losing all your highs and lows; ain't it funny how the feeling goes away?
But there is virtually no relationship between being an expert and being seen as someone people can trust with their secrets, doubts, and vulnerabilities. A petty office tyrant or micromanager may be high on expertise, but will be so low on trust that it will undermine their ability to manage, and effectively exclude them from informal networks.
It was love at first sight, at last sight, at ever and ever sight.
The real evil is the power to kill people. Someone who finds himself with that power is cursed. No matter how you use it, anything obtained by killing people can never bring true happiness.
One of the most tragic things I know about human nature is that all of us tend to put off living. We are all dreaming of some magical rose garden over the horizon instead of enjoying the roses that are blooming outside our windows today.
I'll solve equations with my right hand and write names with my left. I'll take a potato chip; AND EAT IT!
When their logic grows cold and all thinking gets done, you'll be warm in the arms of the Mayor of Simpleton.
Instead of hiring workers during the peak hog kill in the winter and then laying them off when the work slowed down, Jay had instituted a system of paying workers a steady wage year-round.
The hills are alive with the sound of music, with songs they have sung for a thousand years. The hills fill my heart with the sound of music. My heart wants to sing every song it hears.
A year has passed since I wrote my note but I should have known this right from the start: only hope can keep me together; love can mend your life but love can break your heart.
Listen, Morty, I hate to break it to you but what people call "love" is just a chemical reaction that compels animals to breed. It hits hard, Morty, then it slowly fades, leaving you stranded in a failing marriage. I did it. Your parents are gonna do it. Break the cycle, Morty. Rise above. Focus on science.
We do not exist in any other instant. Here in this dimension, you and I are meant to be.
I saw Bigfoot once. 1951, back in Sequoia National Park. Had a foot on him thirty-seven inches heel to toe. It made a sound I would not want to hear twice in my life.
I like following the news! News organisations know I won't sit still for any serious discussion of complex and boring issues. They give me what I want: antics, emotional confrontation, sound bites, scandal, sob storeys and popularity polls all packaged as a soap opera and horse race! It's very entertaining.
All we need for morality is contained in these words: make others happy as you yourself would be, and serve them in the way you would yourself be served. The sole requirement is a good heart.
I refuse to be a failure. I don't care what you want anymore. This is how it's going to work: You will be here only when I tell you you can be here. I'm drawing a 50-mile radius around this house, and if you so much as open your fly to urinate I will destroy you. Do you understand?
I'm gonna fight 'em off. A seven nation army couldn't hold me back. They're gonna rip it off. Taking their time right behind my back. And I'm talkin' to myself at night because I can't forget. Back and forth through my mind behind a cigarette.
If somebody else has it much worse, that doesn't really change the fact that you have what you have.
So long, Pop! I'm off to cheque my tiger trap! I rigged a tuna fish sandwich yesterday, so I'm sure to have a tiger by now!
You change all the lead sleeping in my head to gold. As the day grows dim, I hear you sing a golden hymn. It's the song I've been trying to sing.
Oh, but anyway, Toto, we're home. Home! And this is my room, and you're all here. And I'm not gonna leave here ever, ever again, because I love you all, and - oh, Auntie Em - there's no place like home!
This is not some apron-wearing mother you're speaking with - I know all about your Valhalla of decadence and I shouldn't have let him go. He's not ready for your world of compromised values and diminished brain cells that you throw away like confetti. Am I speaking to you clearly?
I came here to protect my son. I didn't come here to see you disguised by your church. I thought that was a shameful ceremony.
The robins were singing vespers in the high tree-tops, filling the golden air with their jubilant voices. The silver fluting of the frogs came from marshes and ponds, over fields where seeds were beginning to stir with life and thrill to the sunshine and rain that had drifted over them.
Merry Christmas, movie house! Merry Christmas, Emporium! Merry Christmas, you wonderful old Building and Loan!
We are Sex Bob-Omb and we are here to make you think about death and get sad and stuff!
"This man right here," McGuinness said, pointing at Kenna, "he's going to change the world." That was his instinctive feeling, and the manager of a band like U2 is a man who knows music. But the people whose world Kenna was supposed to be changing, it seemed, couldn't disagree more, and when the results of all of the consumer research came in, Kenna's once promising career suddenly stalled.
French writer. Total loser. Never had a real job. Unrequited love affairs. Gay. Spent 20 years writing a book almost no one reads. But he's also probably the greatest writer since Shakespeare. Anyway, he uh... he gets down to the end of his life, and he looks back and decides that all those years he suffered, those were the best years of his life, 'cause they made him who he was.
What really knocks me out is a book that, when you're all done reading it, you wish the author that wrote it was a terrific friend of yours and you could call him up on the phone whenever you felt like it. That doesn't happen much, though.
Only I could do it! I was well aware that killing people is crime in itself! Yet at that point it was the only way to make things right! I thought to myself that someday people will come to realise this as much, and regard it as an act of justice! I had no choice but to act as Kira... it was the destiny given to me. I was chosen to renew this rotten world, to bring about true peace -- a utopia.
You cannot entice a true thief, and thief by vocation, into the prose of honest vegetation by any gingerbread reward, or by the offer of a secure position, or by the gift of money, or by a woman's love: because there is here a permanent beauty of risk, a fascinating abyss of danger, the delightful sinking of the heart, the impetuous pulsation of life, the ecstasy!
Whether they use the title or not, many lyrics have evocative first lines that grab the listener's attention. Often thinking of a good first line can make the rest of the lyric flow.
We all have life storms, and when we get the rough times and we recover from them, we should celebrate that we got through it. No matter how bad it may seem, there's always something beautiful that you can find.
Good evening, sportsmen evewywhere... 'Fwesh-Fwied, Fwesh-Fwozen Wabbit Company' bwings you 'The Sportsman's Hour,' with handy hunting tips by yours twuwy, Ewmer Fudd! ... And today I have a WEAL surpwise for you: I will demonstwate the pwoper pwocedure for hunting, twacking down and bwasting to smitheweens a weal, wive wabbit! ... Now, be vewy, vewy quiet...
You can't blame me. They've been making statues for some two thousand years, and I've only been collecting for five.
And then there was you, all red curls and smiles, stepping up to buy your ticket, and the warmth rose through me like helium to my brain. You were wet today. Shivering. You smelt of disinfectant, stronger than any other work-smell on the bus. Is it legal for you to work there? The landlord probably doesn't realise how young you are.
You know, I used to think I was a really great quarterback in high school. Still think so, too. Can't even bring myself to light a cigarette 'cause I keep thinkin' I gotta stay in shape. You know what really gets me, though? I mean, here I am, I gotta live in this stinkin' town, and I gotta read in the newspapers about some hot-shot kid, new star of the college team. Every year, it's gonna be a new one. Every year it's never gonna be me. I'm just gonna be Mike.
There is only one wish on my mind: when this day is through I hope that I will find that tomorrow will be just the same for you and me. All I need will be mine if you are here.
San Francisco in the middle sixties was a very special time and place to be a part of. But no explanation, no mix of words or music or memories can touch that sense of knowing that you were there and alive in that corner of time and the world.
I am fundamentally an optimist. Whether that comes from nature or nurture, I cannot say. Part of being optimistic is keeping one's head pointed toward the sun, one's feet moving forward. There were many dark moments when my faith in humanity was sorely tested, but I would not and could not give myself up to despair. That way lays defeat and death.
So my heart goes out to them. Figuratively. I would never actually entrust my heart to scientists - they'd probably implant it in a baboon. And a baboon with my heart would be practically unstoppable.
We must take a hard road, a road unforeseen. There lies our hope, if hope it be. To walk into peril - to Mordor. We must send the Ring to the Fire.
Well, we like our Internet slow, okay? We can turn it on, walk around, dance, make a sandwich. With DSL, there's no dancing, no walking, and we'd starve. It'd be all work and no play. Have you not seen The Shining, Mom?
The man wrote the best books of his generation. And he was a pioneer of the civil rights and the anti-war movement. I mean, he made the cover of Newsweek. He knew everybody. He did everything. And he helped shape his time. I mean, the guy hung out with The Beatles! But in the end, it wasn't enough. What he missed was baseball.
Unfortunately, I didn't get a good look at him - the light was reflecting off the windshield - but he was heavy set. It was really dark. I didn't want them to see me. I heard gunshots but I... I thought it was kids with firecrackers, and then when two men drove out in a car I crouched down in the ragweed.
Hey kids, shake it loose together, the spotlight's hitting something that's been known to change the weather. We'll kill the fatted calf tonight so stick around. You're gonna hear electric music solid walls of sound. Say, Candy and Ronnie, have you seen them yet? Uh, but they're so spaced out, B-B-B-Bennie and the Jets. Oh, but they're weird and they're wonderful. Oh, Bennie she's really keen! She's got electric boots! A mohair suit! You know I read it in a magazine! B-B-B-Bennie and the Jets.
Yeah. You know, it occurs to me that the best way you hurt rich people is by turning them into poor people.
Running was always a big thing in our family, specially running away from the police. It's hard to understand. All I know is that you've got to run, running without knowing why, through fields and woods. And the winning post's no end, even though the barmy crowds might be cheering themselves daft. That's what the loneliness of a long distance runner feels like.
If I fling one bag of trash out of my car window and onto the highway, it won't seem significant or destructive. Large numbers of people doing the same thing, though, would be very destructive.
Summer has come and passed. The innocent can never last. Wake me up when September ends. Ring out the bells again like we did when spring began.
Even if you're falling, that's okay. There's a trampoline waiting for you. You just have to believe.
It is now 7:06. You have exactly 8 hours and 54 minutes to think about WHY you are here - to ponder the error of your ways. You will not talk... You will not move from these seats. And you will not sleep. All right people, we're going to try something a little different today. We are going to write an essay of no less than a thousand words describing to me who you think you are.
That night of my sister's 18th birthday a lot of things happened. Maybe more than she knew. Because that night when my father let Karen go out, he let Karen go. Maybe that's how it had to be. Children leave. And parents stay behind. Still, some things are deeper than time and distance and your father will always be your father. And he will always leave a light on for you.
Drainage! Drainage, Eli, you boy. Drained dry. I'm so sorry. Here, if you have a milkshake, and I have a milkshake, and I have a straw. There it is, that's a straw, you see? Watch it. Now, my straw reaches across the room and starts to drink your milkshake. I... drink... your... milkshake! I drink it up!
She laughed when there was no joke. She danced when there was no music. She had no friends, yet she was the friendliest person in school.
Sparkling wines are wines that contain carbon dioxide bubbles. Carbon dioxide gas is a natural byproduct of fermentation, and winemakers sometimes decide to trap it in the wine.
Harry, I have no idaea where this will lead us, but I have a definite feeling it will be a place both wonderful and strange.
My mother had to abandon her quest, but managed to extract from the restriction itself a further delicate thought, like good poets whom the tyranny of rhyme forces into the discovery of their finest lines.
For centuries, the battle of morality was fought between those who claimed that your life belongs to God and those who claimed that it belongs to your neighbours. And no one came to say that your life belongs to you and that the good is to live it.
This is a modern fairy tale no happy endings no wind in our sails.
Take me away, to January. I'm done with this year... I'm tyred of everyone here. I just need some time alone... Before I'm ready to come back home...
Things, events, that occupy space yet come to an end when someone dies make us stop in wonder - and yet one thing, or an infinite number of things, dies with every man's or woman's death, unless the universe itself has a memory, as theosophists have suggested. In the course of time there was one day that closed the last eyes that had looked on Christ; the battle of Junin and the love of Helen died with the death of one man. What will die with me the day I die? What pathetic or frail image will be lost to the world? The voice of Macedonio Fernandez, the image of a bay horse in a vacant lot on the corner of Sarrano and Charcas, a bar of sulphur in the drawer of a mahogany desk?
Baby, ever wondered why I could make you laugh and cry? Eclipsing all your summer skies, some things never change.
Rimmer: Kryten, you're forgetting about Space Corps Directive 1742! Kryten: 1742? "No member of the Corps should ever report for duty in a ginger toupee." Well, thank you for reminding me about that regulation but I can't see how it is pertinent to our present situation. Rimmer: 1743, then! Kryten: Oh, I see. "No registered vessel should attempt to transverse an asteroid belt without deflectors." Rimmer: Yes! God, he's pedantic!
I know you don't get a chance to take a break this often. I know your life is speeding and it isn't stopping. Here, take my shirt and just go ahead and wipe up all sweat, sweat, sweat. Lose yourself to dance.
Sholes consulted with an educator who helped him analyse the most common pairings of letters in the English language. He then split up those letters so that their type bars were farther apart and less likely to jam. That in turn dictated the layout of the keyboard - known as QWERTY, for the first five letters in the upper row.
I think human beings must have faith or must look for faith, otherwise our life is empty. To live and not to know why the cranes fly, why children are born, why there are stars in the sky. You must know why you are alive, or else everything is nonsense, just blowing in the wind.
We have a Spanish porter at the moment, he's from Barcelona. It'd be quicker to train an ape!
It's inhuman to serve the same food day after day. The Geneva convention prohibits the killing of our taste buds! I simply can not eat the same food day after day. Fish! Liver! Day after day! I've eaten a river of liver and an ocean of fish! I've eaten so much fish I'm ready to grow gills! I've eaten so much liver I can only make love if I'm smothered in bacon and onions! Are we going to stand for this? Are we going to let them do this to us? No, I say NO! We're not going to eat this dreck anymore! We want something else!
And I will keep you safe and strong and shelter from the storm. No matter where it's barren, a dream is being born. I'll be everyone you need, no matter if the sun don't shine or if the skies are blue. No matter what the end is my life began with you.
Now this was a superior machine. Ten grand worth of gimmicks and high-priced special effects. The rear windows lit up with a touch like frogs in a dynamite pond. The dashboard was full of esoteric lights and dials and metres that I would never understand.
And cruelly I recall why I have come: To find a reason. But there cannot be a reason, not for death, not like this.
Fred pulled back and steered the nose of the plane into the cloud. The air was bitterly, shockingly cold, and wet, and suddenly the world, which had been so intricately detailed, no longer existed.
Scratch the surface of any champion in any individual sport, and you're often going to find an obsessive misfit who's deficient in many parts of his life because he devotes eight hours a day to it.
Do they come to bury the others or to be entombed to give life or to receive it?
Well, I guess the gentlemen are in a pretty tall hurry to get me out of here. The way the evidence has piled up against me, I can't say I blame them much. And I'm quite willing to go, sir, when they vote it that way but before that happens I've got a few things I want to say to this body. I tried to say them once before and I got stopped colder than a mackerel. Well, I'd like to get them said this time, sir. And as a matter of fact I'm not going to leave this body until I do get them said.
I don't know what you're talking about. I don't agree with what you're saying. And you're trying to wind me up. But I'm very, very angry, and I want this conversation to stop right away.
All the blue light reflections that colour my mind when I sleep. And the lovesick rejections that accompany the company I keep. All the razor perceptions that cut just a little too deep. Hey I can bleed as well as anyone, but I need someone to help me sleep.
Surely death has found me, it has kept a hold of me all this far. My actions will reveal, only time will tell. These passions start to slip away, memories flash like seconds in a day.
I have a dream, a song to sing, to help me cope with anything. If you see the wonder of a fairy tale you can take the future even if you fail.
Why are you the way that you are? Honestly, every time I try to do something fun or exciting, you make it not... that way. I hate so much about the things that you choose to be.
There is no way that this winter is ever going to end as long as this groundhog keeps seeing his shadow. I don't see any other way out. He's got to be stopped. And I have to stop him.
There is no real going back. Though I may come to the Shire, it will not seem the same; for I shall not be the same. I am wounded with knife, sting, and tooth, and a long burden. Where shall I find rest?
Just outside the theatre's fence, Pemulis is bug-eyed with fury-not impossibly 'drine-aggravated-and is literally jumping up and down in one spot so hard that his yachting cap jumps slightly off his head with each impact, which Troeltsch and Axford confer and agree they have previously seen occur only in animated cartoons.
I feel drunk but I'm sober, I'm young and I'm underpaid. I'm tyred but I'm working. I care but I'm restless, I'm here but I'm really gone. I'm wrong and I'm sorry, baby.
Can you hear me, can you hear me? Through the dark night, far away I am dying, forever crying to be with you, who can say?
Can't hold on much longer. But I will never let go! I know it's a one way track. Tell me now how long this'll last! I'm not gonna think this way. Nor will I count on others! Close my eyes and feel it burn. Now I see what I gotta do! Open your heart, it's gonna be alright.
Your father's light sabre. This is the weapon of a Jedi Knight. Not as clumsy or random as a blaster; an elegant weapon for a more civilised age. For over a thousand generations, the Jedi Knights were the guardians of peace and justice in the Old Republic. Before the dark times... before the Empire.
Only, we must allow time. But our demands as far as time is concerned are no less exorbitant than those which the heart requires in order to change. For one thing, time is the very thing that we are least willing to allow, for our suffering is acute and we are anxious to see it brought to an end. And then, too, the time which the other heart will need in order to change will have been spent by our own heart in changing itself too, so that when the goal we had set ourselves becomes attainable it will have ceased to be our goal.
If you don't get what you want, you suffer; if you get what you don't want, you suffer; even when you get exactly what you want, you still suffer because you can't hold on to it forever. Your mind is your predicament.
What would you do if you were stuck in one place and every day was exactly the same and nothing that you did mattered?
Lieutenant Dan got me invested in some kind of fruit company. So then I got a call from him, saying we don't have to worry about money no more. And I said, "That's good! One less thing."
It's so warm and calm inside. I no longer have to hide. There's talk about someone else. Sterling silver begins to melt. Nothing really bothers her. She just wants to love herself. I will move away from here. You won't be afraid of fear. No thought was put into this. I always knew it'd come to this. Things have never been so swell. And I have never failed to fail.
I don't believe in an interventionist God, but I know, darling, that you do. But if I did I would kneel down and ask him not to intervene when it came to you.
I have my books and my poetry to protect me; I am shielded in my armour. Hiding in my room, safe within my womb; I touch no one and no one touches me. I am a rock, I am an island. And a rock feels no pain; and an island never cries.
You think cooking is a cute job, huh? Like mommy in the kitchen? Well mommy never had to face the dinner rush when the orders come flooding in and every dish is different and none are simple and all have different cooking times but must arrive on the customers table at exactly the same time, hot and perfect. Every second counts - and you cannot be mommy!
But pure, unadulterated feelings are dangerous in their own way. It is no easy feat for a flesh-and-blood human being to go on living with such feelings. That is why it is necessary for you to fasten your feelings to the earth - firmly, like attaching an anchor to a balloon. The money is for that. To prevent you from feeling that you can do anything you want as long as it's the right thing and your feelings are pure.
For we are not as faithful to the being we have most loved as we are to ourselves and sooner or later we forget her - since that is one of our characteristics - so as to start loving another.
They're black, they're brown, they're up, they're down. They're in, they're out, they're all about. They're far, they're near, they're gone, they're here. They're quick and slick and insincere. Beware. Beware. Be a very wary bear.
The others standing round felt a thrill of horror at this disclosure of outrages unknown to them. 'I have a further charge to bring,' said Lord dae Winter. 'My brother, who made this woman his sole heir in his will, died within three hours of signing it of some mysterious illness, which left purple marks all over his body. Confess, Clarice, how did my brother die?' 'How vile!' cried Porthos and Aramis. Lord dae Winter continued: 'This woman murdered Buckingham, she murdered Felton, she murdered my brother. I demand redress against her and declare that if I don't get it from you here I shall take action on my own.' Lord dae Winter now took his place beside d'Artagnan, Porthos, and Aramis, leaving room for the next accuser to step forward and bring his charge.
Look, I'm gonna give you your choice. I'm not gonna be biased in any way. Tomorrow night you can either play Goofy Golf, which is a lot of standing in line and shoving and pushing and probably getting a zero, or you can see Pinocchio, which is a lot of furry animals and magic, and you'll have a wonderful time. Okay? Now let's vote.
Other keyboard layouts have been created since, but the original continues to thrive. It is a telling demonstration of the power of inertia and the reward of being first.
Social change is the restructuring of human social institutions: culture, consciousness, technology, organisations, settlement systems, forms of exchange, and structures of authority and decision-making. It is commonly observed that some aspects of human social change especially those connected with technology, have greatly accelerated over the past few centuries, and the very speed of change produces new problems as people need to spend much time and energy adapting to and resisting change.
Take care where you're going, doing all the things you do. Even when you're away from me, I'm the closest thing to you. Come here when it's over, when you think you've lost your world. Come here with your restlessness, and I will calm you down. 'Cause it feels like home when you are here.
Few things are absolute, Matthew. Even Lucifer was once an angel. It's why judgement and vengeance are best left to God, especially when murder is not in your heart.
Although his voice was also broken by uncertainty and his hands seemed to doubt the existence of things, it was evident that he came from the world where men could still sleep and remember.
One day soon, man is going to be able to harness incredible energies, maybe even the atom... energies that could ultimately hurl us to other worlds in... in some sort of spaceship. And the men that reach out into space will be able to find ways to feed the hungry millions of the world and to cure their diseases. They will be able to find a way to give each man hope and a common future. And those are the days worth living for.
And it says to you love when you can, cry when you have to, be who you must. That's a part of the plan. Await your arrival with simple survival and one day we'll all understand.
Oh, well since we didn't get hit by any arrows, I'll tell you a secret. Enter the forest. When you hit an area with 4 paths, go left, left, straight, right - in that order. You'll surely find something nice.
You know those pictures in the National Geographic about the Aurora Borealis? This is better than that! Come on! Ronnie, I need you to see something with me. It's really important. Sylvia, come on. We're going on a little adventure.
Hey, Uncle Mike, I'm just here for the party. I didn't come here to ask for help.
I feel it in my fingers, I feel it in my toes. Love is all around me and so the feeling grows. It's written on the wind, it's everywhere I go. So if you really love me, come on and let it show.
One likes to believe in the freedom of music but glittering prises and endless compromises shatter the illusion of integrity, yeah. Invisible airwaves crackle with life. Bright antennae bristle with the energy. Emotional feedback on a timeless wavelength bearing a gift beyond price almost free.
Space travel makes you realise just how small you really are. When you see Earth as a tiny blue speck in the infinite reaches of space, you have to wonder about the mysteries of creation. Surely we're all part of some great design, no more or less important than anything else in the universe. Surely everything fits together and has a purpose, a reason for being. Doesn't it make you wonder?
The FitnessGram Pacer Test is a multistage aerobic capacity test that progressively gets more difficult as it continues. The 20 metre pacer test will begin in 30 seconds. Line up at the start. The running speed starts slowly, but gets faster each minute after you hear this signal. [beep] A single lap should be completed each time you hear this sound. [ding] Remember to run in a straight line, and run as long as possible. The second time you fail to complete a lap before the sound, your test is over. The test will begin on the word start. On your mark, get ready, start.
Hey Jude, don't make it bad. Take a sad song and make it better. Remember to let her into your heart, then you can start to make it better.
Come on, let's leave this place. Let's go to the factory and get our airship. This isn't our responsibility - none of it. You just opened a door to this world and we stepped through.
My name is Turkish. Funny name for an Englishman, I know. My parents to be were on the same plane when it crashed. That's how they met. They named me after the name of the plane. Not many people are named after a plane crash.
Mankind is resilient: the atrocities that horrified us a week ago become acceptable tomorrow.
Under the lights when everything goes. Nowhere to hide when I'm getting you close when we move, well, you already know.
The world says: "You have needs - satisfy them. You have as much right as the rich and the mighty. Don't hesitate to satisfy your needs; indeed, expand your needs and demand more." This is the worldly doctrine of today. And they believe that this is freedom. The result for the rich is isolation and suicide, for the poor, envy and murder.
I know why you did it. I know you were afraid. Who wouldn't be?
Nothing in life is easy. But that's no reason to give up. You'll be surprised what you can accomplish if you set your mind to it.
Beata Maria, you know I am a righteous man. Of my virtue I am justly proud. Aet tibit Pater... Beata Maria, you know I'm so much purer than the common, vulgar, weak, licentious crowd. Quia peccavi nimis... Then tell me, Maria, why I see her dancing there - why her smold'ring eyes still scorch my soul? Cogitatione... I feel her, I see her! The sun caught in her raven hair is blazing in me out of all control! Verbo aet opere...
They damaged my stuff. They smashed up my home. Damaged my soul. Look at this... This, this, this, this statue here of impotent rage. This meant more to me than Johnny K meant to anyone! And they smashed it! Those pathetic, midlife crisis, hog-riding, shaven-headed, fruity leather-chap-wearing jerks!
From my laboratory in the castle east to the master bedroom where the vampires feast, the ghouls all came from their humble abodes to get a jolt from my electrodes.
You know, Einstein was not only brilliant, he had a great sense of humour. How did it go? "Any man who drives safely while kissing a pretty girl is not giving the pretty girl the attention she deserves." If I learnt anything this past year, life's too short not to live.
Everybody on campus was using it. "Facebook me" was the common expression after two weeks. And Mark was the biggest thing on a campus that included 19 Nobel laureates, 15 Pulitzer Prise winners, 2 future Olympians and a movie star.
You're not like the others. I've seen a few; I know. When I talk, you look at me. When I said something about the moon, you looked at the moon, last night.
When considering the cultural significance of this intriguing interlude, we might begin by asking why the pregnant man image has been a source of continued fascination throughout the centuries.
So a rich little man with white hair died. What has that got to do with the price of rice, right? And why is that woe to us? Because you people, and sixty-two million other Americans, are listening to me right now. Because less than three percent of you people read books! Because less than fifteen percent of you read newspapers! Because the only truth you know is what you get over this tube.
I've been thinking lots about my life and how quick I'd wash it down the drain. Past tense, the future, nothing matters now. I act on my own and I'm to blame. Living's a wicked dream, where things turn out all wrong. We're all so weak, no matter how strong.
If only all the contradictory voices shouting inside my head would calm down and sing a song in unison, whatever it was I wouldn't care as long as they sang without dissonance.
If you're working out in front of a mirror and watching your muscles grow, your ego has reached a point where it is now eating itself. That's why I believe there should be a psychiatrist at every health club, so that when they see you doing this, they will take you away for a little chat.
What is honour compared to a woman's love? What is duty against the feel of a newborn son in your arms or the memory of a brother's smile?
You've got a way to keep me on your side. You give me cause for love that I can't hide. For you I know I'd even try to turn the tide. Because you're mine, I walk the line.
Spend all your time waiting for that second chance, for a break that would make it okay. There's always some reason to feel not good enough and it's hard at the end of the day.
The whole point was to find a way to practise nuclear war without destroying ourselves. To get the computers to learn from mistakes we couldn't afford to make. Except I never could get Joshua to learn the most important lesson.
I can touch what my heart used to dream of long before I knew someone warm like you.
Let me get this straight. You think that your client, one of the wealthiest, most powerful men in the world, is secretly a vigilante who spends his nights beating criminals to a pulp with his bare hands? And your plan is to blackmail this person?
Heraclitus: "The vainly purify themselves with blood when they are defiled with it, which is like someone who has stepped into mud using mud to wash himself. Anyone who observed a person doing this would think him mad. And in their ignorance of the true nature of gods and heroes they pray to these statues, which is like someone chatting to a house."
Here then was the paradox of the President's speech. We normals - aided, doubtless, by our wish to be fooled - were indeed well and truly fooled ("Populus vult decipi, ergo decipiatur"). And so cunningly was deceptive word-use combined with deceptive tone, that only the brain-damaged remained intact, undeceived.
Inside his house a kid gets one name, but on the other side of the door, it's whatever the rest of the world wants to call him.
There can be no covenants between men and lions, wolves and lambs can never be of one mind, but hate each other out and out and through.
I can't believe I'm crying already. Sometimes I think people don't understand how lonely it is to be a kid, like you don't matter. So I'm eight and I have these toys, these dolls. My favourite is this ugly girl doll who I call Clementine and I keep yelling at her, "You can't be ugly! Be pretty!" It's weird, like if I can transform her, I would magically change too.
And the hardest part was letting go, not taking part was the hardest part. And the strangest thing was waiting for that bell to ring. It was the strangest start.
The Lady of the Lake, her arm clad in the purest shimmering samite held aloft Excalibur from the bosom of the water, signifying by divine providence that I, Arthur, was to carry Excalibur. That is why I am your king.
My parents keep asking how school was. It's like saying, "How was that drive-by shooting?" You don't care how it was, you're lucky to get out alive.
My mind is open so wide since you came inside, I feel so alive. I was blinded, your smile shining behind those green eyes. The horizon so enticing, please say you'll be mine.
I'm a grenade and at some point I'm going to blow up and I would like to minimise the casualties, okay?
People only understand things in terms of their experience, which means that you must get within their experience.
Out of another I get a lovely view of the bay and a little private wharf belonging to the estate. There is a beautiful shaded lane that runs down there from the house. I always fancy I see people walking in these numerous paths and arbours, but John has cautioned me not to give way to fancy in the least. He says that with my imaginative power and habit of storey-making, a nervous weakness like mine is sure to lead to all manner of excited fancies, and that I ought to use my will and good sense to cheque the tendency. So I try.
You know the kind of guy that does nothing but bad things and then wonders why his life sucks? Well, that was me. Every time something good happened to me, something bad was always waiting around the corner. Karma. That's when I realised that I had to change, so I made a list of everything bad I've ever done and one by one I'm gonna make up for all my mistakes. I'm just trying to be a better person. My name is Earl.
Isn't everybody tyred of the fighting? Isn't everybody tyred of the killing? Isn't everybody tyred of the dying? Isn't everybody tyred of the hatred?
I was hugely impressed. Kirk, I mean Shatner, was the ultimate example of a man who knew what he didn't know, was perfectly willing to admit it, and didn't want to leave until he understood. That's heroic to me.
If you give me just one more try we can pack up our old dreams and our old lives. We'll find a place where the sun still shines.
If you are looking for ransom, I can tell you I don't have money.
Everybody knows that your average bedroom monster is reptilian and cold-blooded.
Hissing in rage, jaws gaping and fangs bared, the serpent shot forward, striking at Taran. Eilonwy screamed.
The Vital Apparatus Vent will deliver a Weighted Companion Cube in three, two, one.
I know. I'm trying to save him by avoiding him so I could be with him. But I can't go near him or I'll destroy him. So if I could just manage to stay away from him then maybe we could be together. Please don't repeat that back to me.
Mitch, there's something you need to know. Compared to you, most people have the IQ of a carrot.
Man, I did love this game. I'd have played for food money. It was the game... The sounds, the smells. Did you ever hold a ball or a glove to your face?
I was reading about how countless species are being pushed toward extinction by man's destruction of forests. Sometimes I think the surest sign that intelligent life exists elsewhere in the universe is that none of it has tried to contact us.
I am he as you are he as you are me and we are all together.
All in all, it was just a brick in the wall. All in all, it was all just bricks in the wall.
That woman has to show you're a fraud, but as far as the world knows you're a goddamn lawyer and that's the way it's gonna stay. Don't forget, we don't need to prove you're a lawyer; she needs to prove you're not.
First of all, let's stop pretending that everyone can or should go to college. Every airline needs high-paid mechanics and none of them have to go to college. There are plumbers in some parts of the country that make a better living than dentists. Now, I'm not talking about lowering our ambitions. I'm talking about targeting our ambitions correctly.
The throne rumbled. A wave of gale-force anger slammed into me. "WHO DARES-" The voice stopped abruptly. The anger retreated, which was a good thing, because just those two words had almost blasted my mind to shreds. "Percy." My father's voice was still angry but more controlled. "What exactly are you doing on my throne?" "I'm sorry, Father," I said. "I needed to get your attention." "This was a very dangerous thing to do, even for you. If I hadn't looked before I blasted, you would now be a puddle of seawater."
You underestimate the power of the Dark Side. If you will not fight, then you will meet your destiny.
Let the stormy clouds chase everyone from the place. Come on with the rain. I've a smile on my face. I walk down the lane with a happy refrain just singin', singin' in the rain.
Okay, maybe my dad did steal Itchy. But so what? Animation is built on plagiarism. If it weren't for someone plagiarising The Honeymooners we wouldn't have The Flintstones. If someone hadn't ripped off Sergeant Bilko, there'd be no Top Cat. Huckleberry Hound, Chief Wiggum, Yogi Bear, hah! Andy Griffith, Edward G. Robinson, Art Carney. Your Honour, you take away our right to steal ideas, where are they gonna come from? Her?
In the early days of radio astronomy, many radio sources were detected for which no corresponding visible object was known. By 1960 several hundred such sources were listed in the Third Cambridge Catalogue and astronomers were scanning the skies in search of visible counterparts to these radio sources. Their job was made difficult both by the low resolution of the radio observations (which meant that the observers did not know exactly where to look) and by the faintness of these objects at visible wavelengths.
You can't handle the truth! Son, we live in a world that has walls and those walls have to be guarded by men with guns. Who's gonna do it? You? You, Lieutenant Weinberg? I have a greater responsibility than you can possibly fathom. You weep for Santiago and you curse the Marines. You have that luxury. You have the luxury of not knowing what I know; that Santiago's death, while tragic, probably saved lives. And my existence, while grotesque and incomprehensible to you, saves lives!
She wants me to take responsibility for everything that went wrong in our relationship! She goes on for five pages about how I was "unfaithful" to her! We were on a break!
It's the same thing your whole life: "Clean up your room. Stand up straight. Pick up your feet. Take it like a man. Be nice to your sister. Don't mix beer and wine, ever." Oh yeah: "Don't drive on the railroad track."
We're no strangers to love. You know the rules and so do I. A full commitment's what I'm thinkin' of. You wouldn't get this from any other guy.
Okay Ben, why don't you come open some more presents, and Santa, the Armadillo, and I will have a little talk in the kitchen. There's a sentence I never thought I'd say.
I'm the good guy. The law is on my side. I am the law. The law is me. I work for justice. I uphold the Constitution of these United States. I am a knight for the people. I wear the white hat. And you, Olivia Carolyn Pope, you are a pain in my butt. I had a search warrant for that house, but by the time I got to use it there was nothing there, because your people took whatever there was to find.
If you think that you are going to love something, give it a try. You're going to kick yourself in the butt for the rest of your life if you don't.
European powers faced a variety of challenges in administering stateless and state-based regions in their various African territories. Although there were important national differences in the ideologies and practises of colonial rule, all administrations relied to various degree on local "chiefs" and other indigenous African intermediaries. In Portuguese Guinea, the established rulers of states were generally allowed to remain in place and were officially recognised as "regulos" or "chiefs" if they did the bidding (collecting taxes and recruiting labour, especially) of colonial administrators.
It's usually best to run as quick as you can for the first few laps, then settle into a comfortable, consistent pace.
I've flown seven million miles. And I've been waiting on people almost 20 years. The best job I could get after my bust was Cabo Air, which is the worst job you can get in this industry.
At first, I was astonished by the vehemence - and candour - with which people criticised the regent. He was not above criticism - in fact, he was often the principal target of it. But no matter how flagrant the charge, the regent simply listened, not defending himself, showing no emotion at all.
I just don't know why they're shooting at us. All we want to do is bring them democracy and white bread. Transplant the American dream. Freedom. Achievement. Hyperacidity. Affluence. Flatulence. Technology. Tension. The inalienable right to an early coronary sitting at your desk while plotting to stab your boss in the back.
The real difficulty in Bach's music lies not in choosing the tempo but in maintaining it. No one who knows the scores of the cantatas can doubt that Bach demands great elasticity in the tempo - the unity of which, however, must not be impaired. If the hearer perceives the nuances too early, he at once gets an impression of unsteadiness and a lack of rhythm.
You don't frighten us, English pig dogs. Go and boil your bottoms, you sons of a silly person. I blow my nose at you, so-called "Arthur King," you and all your silly English Knights.
He always seemed to women different from what he was, and they loved in him not himself, but the man created by their imagination, whom they had been eagerly seeking all their lives; and afterwards, when they noticed their mistake, they loved him all the same.
In a town of moderate size, two men lived in neighbouring houses; but they had not been there very long before one man took such a hatred of the other, and envied him so bitterly, that the poor man determined to find another home, hoping that when they no longer met every day his enemy would forget all about him. So he sold his house and the little furniture it contained, and moved into the capital of the country, which was luckily at no great distance. About half a mile from this city he bought a nice little place, with a large garden and a fair-sized court, in the centre of which stood an old well.
There's a piece of Maria in every song that I sing. And the price of a memory is the memory of the sorrow it brings.
C-c-c-come gather m-m-m-m-mmy-my-my-my ch-children and y-y-you shall h-h-hear of the mi-of the mi-of the mi-of the midnight r-r-ri-r-ri-r-ride of P-Pa-P-Pa-Paul R-R-Revere.
Ah ha... So you cannot resist the temptation of my goods! I knew you would return! If you miss this chance, you'll never again find this item at such a low, low price. Right now - just for you - I'll let it go for a mere 64 coins. Do we have a deal or not?
My doctor said we can't choose where we come from, but we can choose where we go from there. I know it's not all the answers, but it was enough to start putting these pieces together.
Scars are souvenirs you never lose, the past is never far. And did you lose yourself somewhere out there? Did you get to be a star? Don't it make you sad to know that life is more than who you are? We grew up way too fast and now there's nothing to believe and reruns all become our history. A tyred song keeps playing on a tyred radio, and I won't tell no one your name.
Dwayne Elizondo Camacho ... Five-time Ultimate Smackdown champion ... Movie superstar ... And president of the United States.
There's a simplicity to war: Attacking is the only secret. Dare, and the world yields. How quickly they forget that all it takes to change the course of history is the will of a single man.
We're always thinking of eternity as an idaea that cannot be understood, something immense. But why must it be? What if, instead of all this, you suddenly find just a little room there, something like a village bath-house, grimy, and spiders in every corner, and that's all eternity is. Sometimes, you know, I can't help feeling that that's what it is.
I saw in your eyes and I saw the way you carried yourself that you're not a happy person.
If I leave here tomorrow, would you still remember me? For I must be travelling on now, 'cause there's too many places I've got to see. But if I stayed here with you, girl, things just couldn't be the same. 'Cause I'm as free as a bird now, and this bird you cannot change.
If you imagine an orange, there may occur in your cortex a set of commands to pick it up, to smell it, to inspect it, and so on. Clearly these commands cannot be carried out, because the orange is not there. But they can be sent along the usual channels towards the cerebellum or other suborgans of the brain, until, at some critical point, a "mental faucet" is closed, preventing them from actually being carried out.
Your faith was strong but you needed proof. You saw her bathing on the roof. Her beauty in the moonlight overthrew you. She tied you to a kitchen chair, she broke your throne she cut your hair and from your lips she drew the hallelujah.
It may seem quite novelistic to you, and I am willing to agree, but only on the condition that you refrain from reading such notions as "fictive", "fabricated", and "untrue to life" in the word "novelistic". Because human lives are composed in precisely such a fashion.
Oh, trust me, Doc, bringing psychiatric drugs and teenagers together is like opening a lemonade stand in the desert.
We give it away with nothing left to lose. Got the strongest heart but still the skin can bruise. Only the climb will get you higher, defeat will make a fighter. Stare into the face of the truth.
Two plus two is four, minus one that's three, quick maths. Everyday man's on the block, smoke trees. See your girl in the park, that girl is a uckers. When the ting went quack-quack-quack, you man were ducking. Hold tight, Asnee, he's got the pumpy. Hold tight, my man, he's got the frisbee. I trap, trap, trap on the road, movin' that cornflakes. Rice Krispie, hold tight, my girl Whitney (perfect). On the road doin' ten toes, like my toes. You man thought I froze, I see a peng girl, then I pose. If she's not on it, I ghost, hah, look at your nose.
There's no pretty way to put this. I grew up in the suburbs. I guess most people think of the suburb as a place with all the disadvantages of the city and none of the advantages of the country. And vice versa. But in a way those really were the wonder years for us there in the suburbs. It was kind of a golden age for kids.
It now becomes clear that consistency is not a property of a formal system per sae, but depends on the interpretation which is proposed for it. By the same token, inconsistency is not an intrinsic property of any formal system.
Well, I'd learnt one thing in advanced math class. I'd learnt I was going to fail. Maybe not today. Maybe not tomorrow - but soon, and for the rest of my life.
To evaluate an option from the other side's point of view, consider how they might be criticised if they adopted it. Write out a sentence or two illustrating what the other side's most powerful critic might say about the decision you are thinking of asking for.
There will come a time when there are no human beings remaining to remember that anyone ever existed or that our species ever did anything.
Some day, and that day may never come, I will call upon you to do a service for me. But until that day, consider this justice a gift on my daughter's wedding day.
I used to dread getting older because I thought I would not be able to do all the things I wanted to do, but now that I'm older I find that I don't want to do them.
One scientist I met recently told me he reckoned that the average household in Europe or North America has so many devices and such a variety of food and clothing that to produce the same lifestyle in Roman times would have required six thousand slaves.
And now my bitter hands cradle broken glass of what was everything.
As you can see, she hasn't met him yet. She already fell in love I bet. Her keyboard gets slammed by her fingers, but he replies with "ok" every time, every time.
Obviously, if I was serious about having a relationship with someone long-term, the last people I would introduce him to would be my family.
You speak in abbreviations because real life conversation moves too slowly. You're the media's creation, yeah, your free will has been taken and you don't know.
According to Heraclitus, we cannot step into the same river twice. To put it another way, an opportunity lost stays lost forever. While I agree with the spirit of that saying, I have found that there are times when exceptions are granted. When Elizabeth returned from England and her marriage had ended, the waters we found ourselves in were as swimmingly lovely as when we first met. But if time made concessions for love, it made none for death.
My visitors are often surprised when they see the TV Mack put in my domain. They seem to find it odd, the sight of a gorilla staring at tiny humans in a box. Sometimes I wonder, though: Isn't the way they stare at me, sitting in my tiny box, just as strange?
I remember way back then when everything was true and when we would have such a very good time. Such a fine time, such a happy time.
Did you know a young boy drowned the year before those two others were killed? The counsellors weren't paying any attention... They were making love while that young boy drowned. His name was Jason. I was working the day that it happened. Preparing meals... here. I was the cook. Jason should've been watched. Every minute. He was... he wasn't a very good swimmer. We can go now, dear.
Don't carry the world upon your shoulders, for well you know that it's a fool who plays it cool by making his world a little colder.
Riverrun, past Eve and Adam's, from swerve of shore to bend of bay, brings us by a commodius vicus of recirculation back to Howth Castle and Environs.
When the war of the beasts brings about the world's end, The goddess descends from the sky. Wings of light and dark spread afar. She guides us to bliss, her gift everlasting.
It doesn't matter where you go or what you do, I want to spend each moment of the day with you. Look what has happened with just one kiss, I never knew that I could be in love like this.
Ezekiel twenty-five, seventeen: The path of the righteous man is beset on all sides by the iniquities of the selfish and the tyranny of evil men. Blessed is he, who in the name of charity and good will, shepherds the weak through the valley of darkness, for he is truly his brother's keeper and the finder of lost children.
You think the dead we loved ever truly leave us? You think that we don't recall them more clearly than ever in times of great trouble? Your father is alive in you, Harry, and shows himself plainly when you have need of him.
Always remember the four basic tactics to avoid detection: crouch behind concealment, stay behind enemies, move slowly to avoid making noise, and use shadows to conceal yourself. Be alert to every possibility.
Instantly, he felt humiliated for saying that - how nerdy could he be? He didn't have to look back at Katherine to know that she was probably rolling her eyes, mouthing the words, "Really, we're not related. Not by blood."
Let me ask you this: Do you really think the boy'd shout out a thing like that so the whole neighbourhood could hear him? I don't think so - he's much too bright for that.
I had a mother, I had a father, things - things that made sense. Do you remember things that made sense? Things you could count on? Before we all got so lost? What are we gonna do, Charlie? What am I gonna do?
You know I work all day to get you money to buy you things. And it's worth it just to hear you say you're going to give me everything. So why on earth should I moan, cause when I get you alone you know I feel okay.
You can tell from the lines on her face, you can see that she's been there. Probably been moved on from every place cause she didn't fit in there.
For it is not enough to have a good mind; the main thing is to apply it well. The greatest souls are capable of the greatest vices as well as the greatest virtues.
I want to play a game. Let's play hide and seek. Those were her exact words. Yay, you found one, I can hear her, even now. Wow, you found another one. There must be a purpose to this. That's it... The beacon is lit! I know where and when you are! Sooner or later, I will find you. Together, we will ensure a better future for the children.
Make sure to secure the door when I am gone. There are many dangerous people who wanna take things from Americans, and also kidnap them. Good night!
There are many things we've never done. We've never made our mark upon the world. The great lords of Westeros pay us no mind, until our little raids buzz through their kingdoms long enough to become a nuisance and they swat us down. They conquer us, humiliate us, and go right back to forgetting we exist. We are a sea people!
Abnormally rapid speculative enhancement of prices for existing stocks caused them to go down. Which, frankly, many experts blame on a reckless class of people new to the discipline of investment.
Here I was born, and there I died. It was only a moment for you; you took no notice.
Life without change might be called anything except life, it's nothing more than experience. Yes, Emperor Charles sought the past, you seek the present, but I seek the future.
Imagine if Christopher Columbus had come back from the New World and no one returned in his footsteps.
You lured me away from home, just to save you from being alone. You stole my soul and that's a pain I can do without.
Who cares if you disagree? You are not me. Who made you king of anything? So you dare tell me who to be? Who died and made you king of anything?
I guess you'd prefer we listen to that punk rock music I've been reading about. You know those Sex Pistols? They spit on their audience! Yep, that's what I wanna do. Spend my hard earned money to be spit on. Now that's entertainment... Elvis didn't expectorate on his fans.
One man is dead, another man's life is at stake, if there's a reasonable doubt in your minds as to the guilt of the accused, uh a reasonable doubt, then you must bring me a verdict of "Not Guilty". If, however, there's no reasonable doubt, then you must, in good conscience, find the accused "Guilty". However you decide, your verdict must be unanimous. In the event that you find the accused "Guilty", the bench will not entertain a recommendation for mercy. The death sentence is mandatory in this case. You're faced with a grave responsibility, thank you, gentlemen.
I'd been walking for hours and, as usual, I'd lost track of where I was, when I suddenly realised I'd reached the city limits. I immediately felt happy and, without hesitation, passed beyond the barrier and found myself walking between cultivated fields and meadows. I didn't feel tyred at all. On the contrary, every joint in me was as relaxed as if a load had been lifted from my shoulders.
Living men are bound by time... Thus, their lives have an urgency. This gives them ambition. Makes them choose those things that are most important, cling more tightly to that which they hold dear. Their lives have seasons, and rites of passage, and consequences. And ultimately, an end. But what of a life with no urgency? What then of ambition? What then of love?
Everyday I get up and pray to Jah and he increases the number of clocks by exactly one. Everybody's coming home for lunch these days. Last night there were skinheads on my lawn. Take the skinheads bowling, take them bowling.
When he utilises combined energy, his fighting men become as it were like unto rolling logs or stones. For it is the nature of a log or stone to remain motionless on level ground, and to move when on a slope; if four-cornered, to come to a standstill, but if round-shaped, to go rolling down.
Every night, I live and die, feel the party to my bones. Watch the wasters blow the speakers, spill my guts beneath the outdoor light. It's just another graceless night.
When you're a kid, they tell you it's all, "Grow up. Get a job. Get married. Get a house. Have a kid, and that's it." But the truth is the world is so much stranger than that. It's so much darker. And so much madder. And so much better.
Look at you. You used to be so cocky. You were going to go out and conquer the world. You once called me "a warped, frustrated, old man"! What are you but a warped, frustrated young man? A miserable little clerk crawling in here on your hands and knees and begging for help. No securities, no stocks, no bonds, nothin' but a miserable little $500 equity in a life insurance policy.
Sometimes it seems as though each new step towards AI, rather than producing something which everyone agrees is real intelligence, merely reveals what real intelligence is not.
Lister: I'm just saying there's 79 more days to go. Kryten: If you still want to be alive when there's only 78 more days to go, I suggest you do not blow your nose. Lister: Do you mind if I ask why? Kryten: Well, let's forego the noise and the revolting burbling sound and go straight to the really gross part where you always, and I mean always, having blown your nose, have to open up the handkerchief and take a look at the contents. I mean, why? What do you expect to see in there? A Turner seascape, perhaps? The face of the Madonna? An undiscovered Shakespearean sonnet?
Without some flexibility in our definitions we'll remain forever stuck with the same old knee-jerk reactions, or worse, slide into complete apathy.
We never see the light of day. We plan this thing for weeks and all they want to do is study. I'm disgusted. I'm sorry but it's not like me. I'm depressed. There was what, no one at the mutant hamster races, we only had one entry into the Madame Curie look-alike contest and he was disqualified later. Why do I bother?
Suddenly Lasher underwent a transformation. He showed a side of himself he had mentioned, but which Paul had found impossible to imagine. And, with the transformation, the desk became a pulpit. "Revolutions aren't my main line of business," said Lasher, his voice deep and rolling. "I'm a minister, Doctor, remember? First and last, I'm an enemy of the Devil, a man of God!"
Works of art participate in our lives; we are not just distant observers of their lives. They are in conversation among themselves and with us.
Bringing to the table our capitalised reputation. Proactively overseeing day-to-day operations, services, and deliverables with cross-platform innovation. Networking soon will bring seamless integration. Robust and scalable, bleeding-edge and next-generation, best of breed, we'll succeed in achieving globalisation.
The letter she left was one line long. "Goodbye forever I'm gone". It was sitting on a table in a room in a red brick box that we used to call our home.
You're not perfect, sport, and let me save you the suspense: this girl you've met, she's not perfect either. But the question is whether or not you're perfect for each other.
Perhaps however the most satisfactory definition of a rock is an aggregate of mineral particles. This definition makes no assumption as to the composition or state of aggregation of the particles and hence may be taken to include the accumulations of all ages and of all degrees of solidification and alteration, without regard to their manner of formation.
And as the Strangefolk mined deeper and deeper into the mountain, holes began to appear. Bringing with them a cold and bitter wind that chilled the very soul of the Monkey. For the first time, the Happyfolk felt fearful, for they knew the Monkey would soon stir from its deep sleep. And then came a sound, distant first. It grew into castrophany, so immense it could be heard far away in space. There were no screams, there was no time. The mountain called Monkey had spoken, there was only fire. And then, nothing.
Say my name, say my name. If no one is around you, say, "Baby I love you" if you ain't runnin' game. Say my name, say my name. You actin' kinda shady, ain't callin' me "baby," why the sudden change?
For there is no folly of the beast of the earth which is not infinitely outdone by the madness of men.
The garbage chute was a wonderful idaea! What an incredible smell you've discovered! Let's get out of here!
Last night, I had a dream about you. In this dream I'm dancing right beside you, and it looked like everyone was having fun; the kind of feeling I've waited so long.
He used often to say there was only one Road; that it was like a great river: its springs were at every doorstep, and every path was its tributary. "It's a dangerous business, Frodo, going out of your door," he used to say. "You step into the Road, and if you don't keep your feet, there is no knowing where you might be swept off to."
I have been taking care of it! I already got Big Red to cut me the lumber in exchange for a pair of fur-lined boots. I got my friend Pete to make the boots, but only because I promised him a new set of teeth. And as you probably know, teeth don't come cheap! Now, that's where you come in.
One way to combat the horizon effect is to continue search when an otherwise terminal situation is judged to be particularly dynamic. Such heuristic continuation is sometimes called feedover.
Most people would turn you away. I don't listen to a word they say. They don't see you as I do, I wish they would try to.
We might begin by asking why the pregnant man image has been a source of continued fascination throughout the centuries. Mythology, folklore, religion, literature, science, politics, philosophy, anthropology, and psychology as well as theatre, film, television, visual culture, and cyberspace all have scores of images and tales attesting to its appeal.
Halliday was the videogame designer responsible for creating the OASIS, a massively multiplayer online game that had gradually evolved into the globally networked virtual reality most of humanity now used on a daily basis.
From Russia with love I fly to you much wiser since my goodbye to you. I've travelled the world to learn. I must return from Russia with love.
Borders matter. Borders regulate the flow of people, the movement of commodities and capital, and the exchange of ideas. Borders separate citizens from aliens, the familiar from the foreign, and those belonging from those unwanted. And perhaps no border in recent history is more iconic in its power of partition than the line bisecting the United States and Mexico.
But he understood at last what Dumbledore had been trying to tell him. It was, he thought, the difference between being dragged into the arena to face a battle to the death and walking into the arena with your head held high. Some people, perhaps, would say that there was little to choose between the two ways, but Dumbledore knew - and so do I, thought Harry, with a rush of fierce pride, and so did my parents - that there was all the difference in the world.
O say can you see, by the dawn's early light, what so proudly we hailed at the twilight's last gleaming, whose broad stripes and bright stars through the perilous fight, o'er the ramparts we watched, were so gallantly streaming? And the rockets' red glare, the bombs bursting in air, gave proof through the night that our flag was still there; o say does that star-spangled banner yet wave o'er the land of the free and the home of the brave?
I'm a hopeless dancer, but this looks like you just screw in a light bulb with one hand and pat the dog with the other. Watch yourself, Darcy, he's about to transform into the Indian MC Hammer!
Images of broken light which dance before me like a million eyes - they call me on and on across the universe. Thoughts meander like a restless wind inside a letter box - they tumble blindly as they make their way across the universe.
Books are the treasured wealth of the world and the fit inheritance of generations and nations. Books, the oldest and the best, stand naturally and rightfully on the shelves of every cottage. They have no cause of their own to plead, but while they enlighten and sustain the reader his common sense will not refuse them. Their authors are a natural and irresistible aristocracy in every society, and, more than kings or emperors, exert an influence on mankind.
As the first African country that gained independence, Ghana was seen as the hope and example for the whole continent. Although many criticise the policies pursued by Dr. Kwame Nkrumah, Ghana's first president, his vision to unite the country and build a modern industrialised country is widely recognised. Measured by per capita income, Ghana was at a development level similar to those of Indonesia, Malaysia, South Korea, and Thailand after they achieved independence in the late 1950s and early 1960s.
In synchronous communications, the sender and receiver must synchronise with one another before data is sent. To maintain clock synchronisation over long periods, a special bit-transition pattern is embedded in the digital signal that assists in maintaining the timing between sender and receiver.
Warning lights are flashing down at Quality Control. Somebody threw a spanner and they threw him in the hole. There's rumours in the loading bay and anger in the town. Somebody blew the whistle and the walls came down. There's a meeting in the boardroom. They're trying to trace the smell. There's leaking in the washroom, there's a sneak in personnel. Somewhere in the corridors someone was heard to sneeze. Goodness me, could this be Industrial Disease?
And if you're right by me, and I'll guarantee I'll be right by you. But please please don't turn me into a nun. I'm not that kind of girl. I've got a reputation. Around town I'm known as microwave Jane because they say I heat up faster than any micro. And when the fire chief visited - he put up a new code, and made me wear a smoke alarm to my thighs. And the Coast Guard would say I was creating tsunamis in my waterbed. And then the Pope visited and said that I was the only person I've heard that had been on my knees more times than he had. And the presidents' filed a restraining order claiming I have a romantic interest in the Washington Monument. Oh you makin' me so vicious. Look at me! Just look at me! Do I look like that type of girl?
The procedure for dealing with rigid body kinetics problems involves two distinct aspects: tracking the translation of the body's centre of mass, where the body is treated as a particle, and tracking the body's rotation, in which you'll utilise the principles of local coordinates and relative angular velocity and acceleration.
If the time of death is written within 40 seconds after writing the cause of death as a heart attack, the time of death can be manipulated, and the time can go into effect within 40 seconds after writing the name.
His Excellency, President for Life, Field Marshal Al Hadji Doctor Idi Amin Dada, VC, DSO, MC, Lord of All the Beasts of the Earth and Fishes of the Seas and Conqueror of the British Empire in Africa in General and Uganda in Particular.
Ok doc, before you hit the road you might wanna grab some medkits, restock on ammo, maybe cheque the map to see where you are headed. There is an ammo supply crate on the back of the car if that is any comfort. Stay with the car, make use of the thumpers, and you will stand a fair chance against the antlions. I will radio ahead to let the next base know you are coming.
This is our hope. This is the faith with which I return to the South. With this faith we will be able to hew out of the mountain of despair a stone of hope. With this faith we will be able to transform the jangling discords of our nation into a beautiful symphony of brotherhood. With this faith we will be able to work together, to pray together, to struggle together, to go to jail together, to stand up for freedom together, knowing that we will be free one day.
I'd ask you about love, you'd probably quote me a sonnet. But you've never looked at a woman and been totally vulnerable. Known someone that could level you with her eyes, feeling like God put an angel on earth just for you.
I'm starting to see just why turn-of-the-century Americans' biggest fear was of anarchists and anarchy. For if anarchy actually wins, if rulelessness becomes the rule, then protest and change become not just impossible but incoherent.
Agents Bartowski, Walker and Colonel Casey have proven to be an excellent albeit unorthodox team.
You say: I am not free. But I have raised and lowered my arm. Everyone understands that this illogical answer is an irrefutable proof of freedom.
Well, we don't sound like Madonna. Here we are now, we're Nirvana. Sing distinctly? We don't wanna. Buy our album, we're Nirvana. A garage band from Seattle. Well, it sure beats raising cattle. Yeah!
There are places I'll remember all my life, though some have changed. Some forever, not for better. Some have gone and some remain. All these places have their moments with lovers and friends I still can recall.
A great civilisation is not conquered from without until it has destroyed itself within. The essential causes of Rome's decline lay in her people, her morals, her class struggle, her failing trade, her bureaucratic despotism, her stifling taxes, her consuming wars.
Living is easy with eyes closed, misunderstanding all you see. It's getting hard to be someone but it all works out. It doesn't matter much to me.
Once there were two moons in the sky, but one wandered too close to the sun and cracked from the heat. A thousand thousand dragons poured forth, and drank the fire of the sun. That is why dragons breathe flame. One day the other moon will kiss the sun too, and then it will crack and the dragons will return.
There's that word again: "heavy." Why are things so heavy in the future? Is there a problem with the Earth's gravitational pull?
The weird thing about houses is that they almost always look like nothing is happening inside of them, even though they contain most of our lives. I wondered if that was sort of the point of architecture.
All the girls in the world were divided into two classes: one class included all the girls in the world except her, and they had all the usual human feelings and were very ordinary girls; while the other class - herself alone - had no weaknesses and was superior to all humanity.
I'll be fine. I'll be waiting patiently till you see the signs and come running to my open arms.
You have to be a fairly determined ecological detective to follow the intricate and increasingly obscure lines of connection linking the Twinkie to a plant growing in the earth some place.
There will come a time when all of us are dead. All of us. There will come a time when there are no human beings remaining to remember that anyone ever existed or that our species ever did anything. There will be no one left to remember Aristotle or Cleopatra, let alone you. Everything that we did and built and wrote and thought and discovered will be forgotten and all of this will have been for nought. Maybe that time is coming soon and maybe it is millions of years away, but even if we survive the collapse of our sun, we will not survive forever.
Horror and moral terror are your friends. If they are not, then they are enemies to be feared.
You forget everything. The hours slip by. You travel in your chair through centuries you seem to see before you, your thoughts are caught up in the storey, dallying with the details or following the course of the plot, you enter into characters, so that it seems as if it were your own heart beating beneath their costumes.
Her hair reminds me of a warm safe place where as a child I'd hide and pray for the thunder and the rain to quietly pass me by.
Did you ever know that you're my hero and everything I would like to be? I can fly higher than an eagle, for you are the wind beneath my wings.
His palms are sweaty, knees weak, arms are heavy. There's vomit on his sweater already, mom's spaghetti. He's nervous, but on the surface he looks calm and ready to drop bombs, but he keeps on forgettin' what he wrote down, the whole crowd goes so loud. He opens his mouth, but the words won't come out.
A "multitool" is not really a tool at all - not in the usual sense of the word - but a disposable electronic device that utilises electromagnetic resonance detection and frequency modulation to dynamically alter the flow of current through almost any non-hardened circuitry. Skilled agents can use the multitool to manipulate code locks, cameras, autogun turrets, alarms, or other security elements.
I never realise how much I like being home unless I've been somewhere really different for a while.
The Light lives in all places. In all things. You can block it. Even try to trap it. But the Light will always find its way.
Mom says each of us has a veil between ourselves and the rest of the world, like a bride wears on her wedding day, except this kind of veil is invisible. We walk around happily with these invisible veils hanging down over our faces. The world is kind of blurry, and we like it that way. But sometimes our veils are pushed away for a few moments, like there's a wind blowing it from our faces. And when the veil lifts, we can see the world as it really is, just for those few seconds before it settles down again.
Typing competitions provided another test of the Qwerty keyboard. These competitions are somewhat underplayed in the conventional history. They involved many different machines, with various manufacturers claiming to hold the speed record.
It is not the mountain we conquer but ourselves.
If you begin to repeat an error, or if your concentration or attention starts to fade, if you start to become casual, then stop. Clear your head, get your concentration and motivation back, then go again.
Yes, I guess we do. For instance, I think it's wrong for you to put your name in sales reports you didn't write. I think it's wrong you keep a bag of herbs in your bottom left drawer. I think it's wrong you slept with the district manager's wife. And you want to know something? You don't even have to worry about it because I think it's wrong to blab this kind of thing. You know, you should be glad that I'm the only one who knows this stuff about you. Anyone else here would sell you down the river in a second. God, I'm so much better than you.
Morpheus: "At last. Welcome Neo. As you no doubt have guessed, I am Morpheus." Neo: "It's an honour to meet you." Morpheus: "No, the honour is mine. Please. Come, sit. I imagine that right now you are feeling a bit like Alice. Tumbling down the rabbit hole, hmm?" Neo: "You could say that." Morpheus: "I can see it in your eyes. You have the look of a man who accepts what he sees because he is expecting to wake up. Ironically this is not far from the truth. Do you believe in fate, Neo?" Neo: "No." Morpheus: "Why not?" Neo: "Because I don't like the idaea that I'm not in control of my life." Morpheus: "I know exactly what you mean."
All the other kids with the pumped up kicks, you'd better run, better run, out run my gun. All the other kids with the pumped up kicks, you'd better run, better run, faster than my bullet.
For this is what it means to be a king: to be first in every desperate attack and last in every desperate retreat, and when there's hunger in the land (as must be now and then in bad years) to wear finer clothes and laugh louder over a scantier meal than any man in your land.
If you want to drive a race car well, whether to win an Indy car race or just have fun competing in the middle of the pack in an amateur race, you must be seated properly in the car. First of all, you must be comfortable, otherwise it will be overly tyring and very difficult to concentrate. Many races have been lost simply because a driver lost concentration due to discomfort from a poorly fitted seat.
The bartender's smile widened. His ugliness was the stuff of legend. In an age of affordable beauty, there was something heraldic about his lack of it. The antique arm whined as he reached for another mug. It was a Russian military prosthesis, a seven-function force-feedback manipulator, cased in grubby pink plastic. "You are too much the artiste, Herr Case." Ratz grunted; the sound served him as laughter. He scratched his overhang of white-shirted belly with the pink claw. "You are the artiste of the slightly funny deal."
Bullet Tooth Tony: "A bookie's got blagged last night." Avi: "Blagged? Do me a favour, Tony, speak English. I thought this country spawned the language, and so far nobody seems to speak it!" Tony: "Blagged -- robbed."
Now that you're on someone else's shoulders, the winter winds are colder on my own. Maybe we will meet when we get older. Maybe we won't. So I won't say I love you if you don't. And no you don't. So I won't say I love you if you don't.
Data creation is exploding. With all the selfies and useless files people refuse to delete on the cloud. 92% of the world's data was created in the last two years, alone. At the current rate, the world's data storage capacity will be overtaken by next spring. It will be nothing short of a catastrophe. Data shortages, data rationing, data black markets. Someone's compression will save the world from data-geddon, and it sure as hell better be Nucleus and not goddamn Pied Piper! I don't know about you people, but I don't wanna live in a world where someone else makes the world a better place better than we do.
When you are typing on a typewriter, your input appears directly on paper. When you are typing on a computer, your input appears on a screen and is transferred to paper after the proper command has been given.
I cannot get a hold of anything. Even if I frantically extend my hand, when I think I've reached you, you go away. Even if I think I've made it, it'll start all over again. Because of that, nevertheless, I'm happy that you haven't disappeared.
The math is compelling. Most of the people in the world are not your customers. They haven't even heard of you actually.
A turn here, a turn there, and it goes on for years, becomes something else. I'm sorry, you know, for the man I became, the father I was... I hope you got the strength to learn from that. And I hope you got no doubts how much I loved you, son. You're better than me. If I'd been stronger, I would've been more like you. Hell, son, if everyone was stronger, they'd be more like you.
And I said, I don't care if they lay me off either, because I told Bill that if they move my desk one more time, then I'm quitting, I'm going to quit. They've moved my desk four times already this year, and I used to be over by the window, and I could see the squirrels, and they were married, but then, they switched from the Swingline to the Boston stapler, but I kept my Swingline stapler.
I saw her today at the reception, a glass of wine in her hand. I knew she was gonna meet her connection. At her feet was footloose man.
The vastness of the heavens stretches my imagination - stuck on this carousel my little eye can catch one-million-year-old light. A vast pattern - of which I am a part... What is the pattern or the meaning or the why? It does not do harm to the mystery to know a little more about it. For far more marvellous is the truth than any artists of the past imagined it.
I don't believe in painted roses or bleeding hearts while bullets rape the night of the merciful. I'll see you again when the stars fall from the sky and the moon has turned red over One Tree Hill.
Well, the zombies were having fun. The party had just begun. The guests included the Wolfman, Dracula, and his son. The scene was rocking, all were digging the sound. Igor on chains, backed by his baying hounds. The Coffin Bangers were about to arrive with their vocal group, The Crypt Keeper Five.
Death is a primitive concept. I prefer to think of them as battling evil in another dimension.
Our worst fears, like our greatest hopes, are not outside our powers, and we can come in the end to triumph over the former and to achieve the latter.
Groups of illegal miners smuggle themselves down in freight lifts. They stay below ground for months at a time, armed with pistols and homemade grenades, chiseling out ore and then grinding it and extracting the gold using mercury, just as poor gold miners do at the surface.
Everything that lives is designed to end. We are perpetually trapped in a never ending spiral of life and death. Is this a curse? Or some kind of punishment?
Through the darkness of future past the magician longs to see. One chants out between two worlds. Fire walk with me.
Nobody has to prove otherwise. The burden of proof is on the prosecution. The defendant doesn't even have to open his mouth. That's in the Constitution.
Do me this favour. I won't forget it. Ask your friends in the neighbourhood about me. They'll tell you I know how to return a favour.
Finish each day and be done with it. You have done what you could. Some blunders and absurdities no doubt crept in; forget them as soon as you can. Tomorrow is a new day. You shall begin it serenely and with too high a spirit to be encumbered with your old nonsense.
Good evening, London. Allow me first to apologise for this interruption. I do, like many of you, appreciate the comforts of everyday routine - the security of the familiar, the tranquillity of repetition. I enjoy them as much as any bloke. But in the spirit of commemoration, I thought we could mark this November the 5th, a day that is sadly no longer remembered, by taking some time out of our daily lives to sit down and have a little chat.
The man who pulls the lever that breaks your neck will be a dispassionate man, and that dispassion is the very essence of justice. For justice delivered without dispassion is always in danger of not being justice.
Very well - I'll bide my time. And as for you, my fine lady, it's true I can't attend to you here and now as I'd like, but just try to stay out of my way - just try! I'll get you, my pretty, and your little dog too!
Anything that happens, happens. Anything that, in happening, causes something else to happen, causes something else to happen. Anything that, in happening, causes itself to happen again, happens again. It doesn't necessarily do it in chronological order, though.
Growing up to be a mommy is one of the most wonderful things a little girl can want to do but there are other things in life she can do as well. For instance, she can work her head off and show all those arrogant boys that she's just as capable and intelligent and creative as any little stud around!
You can't live your life for other people. You've got to do what's right for you, even if it hurts some people you love.
Vowels were something else. He didn't like them and they didn't like him. There were only five of them, but they seemed to be everywhere.
In order to become an elf I filled out ten pages' worth of forms, took a multiple choice personality test, underwent two interviews and a drug test. The first interview was general, designed to eliminate obvious sociopaths. During the second interview we were asked why we wanted to be elves.
This goodly frame, the earth, seems to me a sterile promontory, this most excellent canopy, the air, look you, this brave o'erhanging firmament, this majestical roof fretted with golden fire, why, it appears no other thing to me than a foul and pestilent congregation of vapours. What a piece of work is a man! How noble in reason! How infinite in faculty! In form and moving how express and admirable! In action how like an angel! In apprehension how like a god! The beauty of the world! The paragon of animals! And yet, to me, what is this quintessence of dust?
It's like, how much more black could this be? And the answer is none. None more black.
Was it all put into words, or did both understand that they had the same thing at heart and in their minds, so that there was no need to speak of it aloud, and better not to speak of it?
I thought her looking as she always does: superior in all respects to everyone around her.
A guy like me should never be allowed to get in here in the first place. I know that! And I hate to stand here and try your patience like this, but either I'm dead right or I'm crazy!
If a man's wearing his pants on his head or if he says his words backwards from time to time, you know it's all laid out there for you. But if he's friendly to strangers and keeps his home spick-and-span, more often than not he's done something even his own ma couldn't forgive.
You have no idaea what I want. What is chess, do you think? Those who play for fun or not at all dismiss it as a game. The ones who devote their lives to it for the most part insist that it's a science. It's neither. Bobby Fischer got underneath it like no one before and found at its centre art. I spent my life trying to play like him. Most of these guys have. But we're like forgers. We're competent fakes. His successor wasn't here tonight. He wasn't here. He is asleep in his room in your house. Your son creates like Fischer. He sees like him, inside.
The one place where a man ought to get a square deal is in a courtroom, be he any colour of the rainbow, but people have a way of carrying their resentments right into a jury box. As you grow older, you'll see white men cheat black men every day of your life, but let me tell you something and don't you forget it - whenever a white man does that to a black man, no matter who he is, how rich he is, or how fine a family he comes from, that white man is trash.
I wanna be inside your heaven. Take me to the place you cry from, where the storm blows your way. I wanna be earth that holds you. Every bit of air you're breathing in, a soothing wind, I wanna be inside your heaven.
Growing to hate decisive moments, the only thing within a breath of real. So now I fall to my knees and beg in earnest to what powers may govern the sky. Just let me sleep one night without these dreams - these dreams that always haunt me.
I was going to the worst place in the world and I didn't even know it yet. Weeks away and hundreds of miles up a river that snaked through the war like a main circuit cable plugged straight into Kurtz. It was no accident that I got to be the caretaker of Colonel Walter E. Kurtz's memory any more than being back in Saigon was an accident. There is no way to tell his storey without telling my own. And if his storey really is a confession, then so is mine.
Subdivisions in the high school halls. In the shopping malls. Conform or be cast out. Subdivisions in the basement bars. In the backs of cars. Be cool or be cast out.
First, the layer of dough bakes into bread, a low-water-content material with a large number of nonconnecting small air spaces. Second, the tomato paste dehydrates, and third, the mozzarella transitions from regular liquid crystal to more disordered states.
Have you ever heard the tragedy of Darth Plagueis the Wise? I thought not. It's not a storey the Jedi would tell you. It's a Sith legend. Darth Plagueis the Wise was a Dark Lord of the Sith, so powerful and so wise he could use the Force to influence the midichlorians to create life. He had such a knowledge of the Dark Side, he could even stop the ones he cared about from dying. The Dark Side of the Force is a pathway to many abilities some consider to be unnatural. He became so powerful... the only thing he was afraid of was losing his power, which eventually, of course, he did. Unfortunately, he taught his apprentice everything he knew, and his apprentice killed him in his sleep. Plagueis never saw it coming. It's ironic he could save others from dying, but not himself.
A man is the sum of his misfortunes. One day you'd think misfortune would get tyred but then time is your misfortune.
I was pulled this way and that for longer than I can remember. And my problem was that I always tried to go in everyone's way but my own. I have also been called one thing and then another while no one really wished to hear what I called myself. So after years of trying to adopt the opinions of others I finally rebelled. I am an invisible man.
You have lost your reason and taken the wrong path. You have taken lies for truth, and hideousness for beauty. You would marvel if, owing to strange events of some sorts, frogs and lizards suddenly grew on apple and orange trees instead of fruit, or if roses began to smell like a sweating horse; so I marvel at you who exchange heaven for earth. I don't want to understand you.
Good games stay within, but at the outer edge, of the player's regime of competence. That is, they feel doable but challenging. This makes them pleasantly frustrating.
Well I watch you tangle every weekend. It might start different but it ends up the same. One minute you're casually speaking. The next it all goes up and you pour fuel on the flame with your jerry can of words and tones.
On no, I'm glad you saw this because this is exactly what I was talking about. Always undermining my authority, day in, day out it's the same thing. Like when I made Cadet Dooley do 600 laps of the perimeter for an inside-out pillow case violation, Francis organises a sit-in. Or when I cut off the electricity on the 5th floor for a contraband boom-box, he hijacks a generator for them. The boy lives to cause chaos.
We think it is time that you recognised that you are masters in someone else's home. Despite the best intentions of the best of you, you must, in the nature of things, humiliate us to control us. General Dyer is but an extreme example of the principle... it is time you left.
Oxygen gets you high. In a catastrophic emergency, you're taking giant panicked breaths. Suddenly you become euphoric, docile. You accept your fate. It's all right here. Emergency water landing - 600 miles an hour. Blank faces, calm as Hindu cows.
So you think you can stone me and spit in my eye? So you think you can love me and leave me to die? Oh, baby, can't do this to me, baby! Just gotta get out, just gotta get right outta here! Nothing really matters, anyone can see. Nothing really matters. Nothing really matters to me, any way the wind blows.
With the money they earn they'll be able to buy more police and political power. Then they come after us. Right now we have the unions and we have the gambling and those are the best things to have.
The invention of the wheel represented a major turning point in human civilisation. Besides its use in transportation, the wheel went on to become the basic principle behind almost every mechanical device.
A long long time ago, I can still remember how that music used to make me smile. And I knew if I had my chance, that I could make those people dance and maybe they'd be happy for a while. But February made me shiver, with every paper I'd deliver. Bad news on the doorstep, I couldn't take one more step. I can't remember if I cried, when I read about his widowed bride. Something touched me deep inside, the day the music, died. So, bye, bye Miss American Pie, drove my Chevy to the levee but the levee was dry and them good ole boys were drinking whisky and rye, singin' this'll be the day that I die, this'll be the day that I die.
Mature affection, homage, devotion, does not easily express itself. Its voice is low. It is modest and retiring, it lies in ambush, waits and waits. Such is the mature fruit. Sometimes a life glides away, and finds it still ripening in the shade.
I give it to you not that you may remember time, but that you might forget it now and then for a moment and not spend all your breath trying to conquer it. Because no battle is ever won he said. They are not even fought. The field only reveals to man his own folly and despair, and victory is an illusion of philosophers and fools.
You once thought of me as a white knight on his steed. Now you know how happy I can be. Our good times start and end without dollar one to spend.
I wondered how they would've felt if every time their husband went in to make a deal, there was a one in four chance he wouldn't come out of that meeting.
It's all there, black and white, clear as crystal! You stole Fizzy Lifting Drinks. You bumped into the ceiling which now has to be washed and sterilised, so you get nothing! You lose! Good day, sir!
I would wear the blue overalls of the fieldworker and often wore round, rimless glasses known as Mazzawati teaglasses. I had a car, and I wore a chauffeur's cap with my overalls. The pose of chauffeur was convenient because I could travel under the pretext of driving my master's car.
You dare bring light to my lair?! You must die!
Haven't you ever happened to come across in a book some vague notion that you've had, some obscure idaea that returns from afar and that seems to express completely your most subtle feelings?
I don't know whether it's necessary or not; but this I do know - that people are becoming stronger than life, wiser than life; that's evident.
I am doing good to the poor, but I differ in opinion about the means. I think the best way of doing good to the poor is not making them easy in poverty, but leading them or driving them out of it.
I used to think she was quite intelligent, in my stupidity. The reason I did was because she knew quite a lot about the theatre and plays and literature and all that stuff. If somebody knows quite a lot about all those things, it takes you quite a while to find out whether they're really stupid or not.
There was no reason for me to stay in the real world any longer. In the real world, it didn't matter if I was there or not. When I realised that, I was no longer afraid of losing my body.
This is what we call love. When you are loved, you can do anything in creation. When you are loved, there's no need at all to understand what's happening, because everything happens within you.
Common knowledge has bicyclists always riding into the wind, regardless of direction, a perception that is not as wrong as it may seem. On level ground, one rides as fast as is comfortable and because the bicycle is highly efficient, speed is limited by wind resistance. With a tailwind, speeding up until the wind is in one's face is fairly easy, and at that point it becomes a headwind.
Doublethink means the power of holding two contradictory beliefs in one's mind simultaneously, and accepting both of them.
People talk to you a great deal about your education, but some good memory is perhaps the best education.
It is in the spirit of Andrew Jackson that I, from time to time, ask senior staff to have face-to-face meetings with those people representing organisations who have a difficult time getting our attention. I know the more jaded among you see this as something rather beneath you. But I assure you that listening to the voices of passionate Americans is beneath no one, and surely not the people's servants.
I wish we'll end up this crazy way before we burn our steam. I don't want to sound defeated, but if you still don't get it, you're never gonna get it. How could you be a friend of mine?
Here's what I think happened: the old man heard the fight between the boy and his father a few hours earlier. Then, when he's lying in his bed, he heard a body hit the floor in the boy's apartment, heard the woman scream from across the street, got to his front door as fast as he could, heard somebody racing down the stairs and assumed it was the boy!
My life, when it is written, will read better than it lived. Henry Fitz-Empress, first Plantagenet, a king at twenty-one, the ablest soldier of an able time. He led men well, he cared for justice when he could and ruled for thirty years a state as great as Charlemagne's.
He became thinner and taller, and his face took on a kind of pained expression which made it almost interesting.
Perhaps most importantly, studying myths can teach us about people around the world - their cultures and what is (or was) important to them.
Mario! I hate to bother you while you're resting, but I wanted to deliver this to you. You know what's really weird? I just saw a doll dressed in a blue cape walking towards the forest. A... walking doll? Yeah, sure pal! I think you need some help. Now SCRAM!
In 1873 the Sholes & Glidden Type Writer became the first to be mass produced, and its keyboard layout was soon standard on all typewriters. Other keyboard layouts have been created since, such as the Blickensderfer and the Dvorak, and some are demonstrably more efficient, but the original continues to thrive. It is a telling demonstration of the power of inertia and the reward of being first.
Don't practise too much at first, or you're likely to develop incorrect patterns or movements.
"Before I died," Anorak says, speaking in a much deeper voice, "I created my own Easter egg, and hid it somewhere inside my most popular videogame - the OASIS. The first person to find my Easter egg will inherit my entire fortune."
"You get what you deserve." It's an old saying, one that survived the years, because it's true... for the most part. But not for everyone. Some get more than they deserve, because they believe they aren't like everyone else; that the rules - the ones for people like me and you, the people that work and struggle to live our lives, just live - don't apply to them. That they can do anything and live happily ever after, while the rest of us suffer.
Trudging slowly over wet sand, back to the bench where your clothes were stolen. This is the coastal town that they forgot to close down. Armageddon - come Armageddon, come.
The beginner writes just twenty pieces. The professional writes three times what's needed, as many as sixty different bits, keeps trying them out on small groups (but never your own family), rewrites discards, rewrites some more, then finally settles on the twenty which work best for that specific audience.
Well if you think I'm that type of girl you got another thing coming mister. Because I don't do one-night stands, I don't take these dishes, and I don't roll over just because you bought in this game. Fair warning - I'll be resisting your every move and enjoying your every mistake. I trust it won't be the first time you made mistakes with the opposite sex.
When adults say, "Teenagers think they are invincible" with that sly, stupid smile on their faces, they don't know how right they are. We need never be hopeless, because we can never be irreparably broken. We think that we are invincible because we are. We cannot be born, and we cannot die. Like all energy, we can only change shapes and sizes and manifestations. They forget that when they get old. They get scared of losing and failing. But that part of us greater than the sum of our parts cannot begin and cannot end, and so it cannot fail.
I've tried to hide it so that no one knows, but I guess it shows. When you look into my eyes, what you did and where you are coming from, I don't care as long as you love me.
Don't look back, keep your head held high. Don't ask them why because life is short and before you know you're feeling old and your heart is breaking.
If all else perished, and he remained, I should still continue to be; and if all else remained, and he were annihilated, the universe would turn to a mighty stranger.
Growing up in the suburbs in the '60s, you were pretty much sheltered from the forces of change unleashed by the outside world. But what about the forces of change unleashed from within? Change. Not always a pretty sight. In fact it could get pretty ugly. But that was the stuff that movies were made of. That wasn't the real world. Or was it?
I know more about the private lives of celebrities than I do about any governmental policy that will actually affect me. I'm interested in things that are none of my business, and I'm bored by things that are important to know.
For the days of my life have vanished like smoke, and my bones are parched like ash, and let all my impurities be as fuel for that fire until nothing remains but the light alone.
See, the sad thing about a guy like you is in 50 years you're gonna start doin' some thinkin' on your own and you're going to come up with the fact that there are two certainties in life: one, don't do that, and two, you dropped 150 grand on an education you could have got for $1.50 in late charges at the public library!
The one constant through all the years, Ray, has been baseball. America has rolled by like an army of steamrollers. It has been erased like a blackboard, rebuilt, and erased again. But baseball has marked the time. This field, this game: it's a part of our past, Ray. It reminds us of all that once was good, and it could be again. Oh... people will come, Ray. People will most definitely come.
I'll swear. All the clocks in the world have gone centuries slower since I came here.
I felt a great disturbance in the Force, as if millions of voices suddenly cried out in terror and were suddenly silenced. I fear something terrible has happened.
Maybe I will never be all the things that I wanna be. Now is not the time to cry, now's the time to find out why. I think you're the same as me, we see things they'll never see.
I'm not very good at this, out, being in public. But I felt the need to speak up for this city that I love with all my heart. No one should have to live in fear, in fear of madmen who have no regard for who they injure.
There is an old building up ahead. A bank or museum or something like that. Whatever the hell it used to be, now it is a nexus for Overwatch in City 17. It is the main source of pain for this part of town, thanks to a huge suppression device that rains down hell from the roof of the place.
And when he came to, he was flat on his back on the beach in the freezing sand, and it was raining out of a low sky, and the tide was way out.
Sometimes we get sad about things and we don't like to tell other people that we are sad about them. We like to keep it a secret. Or sometimes, we are sad but we really don't know why we are sad, so we say we aren't sad but we really are.
Delete copies of film? Yes. Delete memory of film from mankind's consciousness? Yes. Hey, even declared war on his surge protector...
Heroes and villains both thrive on violence, but we're still categorised. "You're good." "You're evil." That's how it is!! Symbol of peace? Hah!! In the end you're just a tool for violence, made to keep us down! And violence only breeds more violence.
Many, many men have been just as troubled morally and spiritually as you are right now.
This business is filled to the brim with unrealistic people who thought their bods aged like wine. If you mean it turns to vinegar, it does. If you mean it gets better with age, it don't.
There's enough to pass around, you don't gotta wait in line. And the clocks don't work, you don't gotta cheque the time. And the blinds don't work, you don't gotta cheque the sky. We be going all night, til light.
The key to faking out the parents is the clammy hands. It's a good non-specific symptom, I'm a big believer in it. A lot of people will tell you to go for a phony fever, but if you get a nervous mother, you could wind up in a doctor's office. You fake a stomach cramp, when you're bent over wailing, you lick your palms. It's childish and stupid, but then, so is high school.
If you can meet with Triumph and Disaster, and treat those two impostors just the same...
As a victim, the Savage possessed, for Bernard, this enormous superiority over the others: that he was accessible. One of the principal functions of a friend is to suffer (in a milder and symbolic form) the punishments that we should like, but are unable, to inflict upon our enemies.
Look, I'm not the first guy who fell in love with a girl he met in a restaurant who then turned out to be the daughter of a kidnapped scientist, only to lose her to her childhood lover who she'd last seen on a deserted island, and who turned out fifteen years later to be the leader of the French underground.
Set in Liberty City. Meltdown! It's all being shot on green screen right out back. We take a look at the financial crisis, and then we boil it all down to a really simplistic battle between two yuppies, with lots of training montages.
Soon, George Michael went to Ann's to try to win her back. But her Uncle Paul told him that Ann had moved in with her boyfriend. He also mentioned that we all only had three more weeks on earth, and that fossils were just something the Jews buried in 1924.
That's the way it is. It's down there and I'm in here. I guess it comes down to a simple choice, really. Get busy living or get busy dying.
The light and the dark the big and the small. Just keep in mind you need no more at all. You've seen what you were and know what you'll be. You've seen it all, there is no more to see.
It used to make you so happy, the water. I think it's brave to try to be happy. You've gotten so comfortable being unhappy. Wouldn't it be wonderful to wake up in the morning and choose to be happy, to let the water wash everything away?
Friend, have the courage to care little for wealth, and shape yourself, you too, to merit godhead.
Hero - not the champion player who plays the perfect game. Not the glamour boy who loves to sell his name. Everybody's buying; nobody's hero.
I wonder, how you can expect to gain an idaea of my usual teaching methods if you continue to interrupt me? You see, I do not generally permit people to talk when I am talking.
I'm so into you, I can barely breathe. And all I want to do, is to fall in deep. But close ain't close enough, till we cross the line. So name a game to play, and I'll roll the dice.
It's like he wants us to be liked by everyone. I mean Led Zeppelin didn't write tunes everybody liked. They left that to the Bee Gees.
Real mod, pea pod, buff bod, hot rod. Obtuse, rubber goose, green moose, guava juice. Giant snake, birthday cake, large fries, chocolate shake!
I have climbed the highest mountains, I have run through the fields. I have run, I have crawled, I have scaled these city walls, but I still haven't found what I'm looking for.
It is the evening of the day. I sit and watch the children play. Smiling faces I can see, but not for me. I sit and watch as tears go by.
And I despise your books, I despise wisdom and the blessings of this world. It is all worthless, fleeting, illusory, and deceptive, like a mirage. You may be proud, wise, and fine, but death will wipe you off the face of the earth as though you were no more than mice burrowing under the floor, and your posterity, your history, your immortal geniuses will burn or freeze together with the earthly globe.
Well, you've cracked the sky, scrapers fill the air, but will you keep on building higher till there's no more room up there? Will you make us laugh, will you make us cry? Will you tell us when to live, will you tell us when to die?
Stab a sorry heart with your favourite finger. Paint the whole world blue and stop your tears from stinging. Hear the cavemen singing. Good news they're bringing. Seven seas, swimming them so well. Glad to see my face among them kissing the tortoise shell.
Your tenure as boss was a short one. Actually, it was unusual in several ways. Let me put this to you as simply as I can: You can avoid sentencing on these charges if you will testify that, in fact, you were not the boss of North Jersey. That, in fact, your nephew Anthony Soprano was and is. That he dae facto controlled your capos with the backing of two of the New York families communicating through their emissary, John Sacrimoni. We want Johnny Sack. But more than him, we want Mangano and Teresi.
Little Rock, Pasternak, Mickey Mantle, Kerouac. Sputnik, Zhou Enlai, Bridge on the River Kwai. Lebanon, Charles dae Gaulle, California baseball. Starkweather homicide, children of Thalidomide. Buddy Holly, Ben-Hur, Space Monkey, Mafia. Hula hoops, Castro, Edsel is a no-go. U-2, Syngman Rhee, payola, and Kennedy. Chubby Chequer, Psycho, Belgians in the Congo.
And what haunts me is that in all the faces of all the bears that Treadwell ever filmed, I discover no kinship, no understanding, no mercy. I see only the overwhelming indifference of nature. To me, there is no such thing as a secret world of the bears. And this blank stare speaks only of a half-bored interest in food. But for Timothy Treadwell, this bear was a friend, a saviour.
Here it is at last, the first 150-minute trailer. "Armageddon" is cut together like its own highlights. Take almost any 30 seconds at random, and you'd have a TV ad. The movie is an assault on the eyes, the ears, the brain, common sense and the human desire to be entertained. No matter what they're charging to get in, it's worth more to get out.
I suggest you change your diet. It could lead to high blood pressure if you fry it. Or even a stroke, heart attack, heart disease.
Oh baby, it's alright. It's alright to feel like a fat child in a push chair. Old enough to run. Old enough to fire a gun. Just give me this one night, just one night, to feel like I might be on the right path. Wise enough to know myself.
Experience informs intuition. But it does more than that: Experience sets the frame within which we analyse and interpret what we perceive. You would no doubt expect, for instance, that the "wild child" raised by a pack of wolves would interpret the world from a perspective that differs substantially from your own. Even less extreme comparisons, such as those between people raised in very different cultural traditions, serve to underscore the degree to which our experiences determine our interpretive mindset.
"He needs the victory," Dan says, "and I need the beer." I'm not sure what this means, but it sounds like it would work in a Michelob commercial.
Napalm was invented in 1942. The government put it in flamethrowers against the Nazis, impact bombs against the Japanese. It was all over Korea - I was there - and now it's in Vietnam. But the important thing is when our boys are fighting and they need it, when America needs it, Dow makes it and it works.
A man entered who could hardly have been less than six feet six inches in height, with the chest and limbs of a Hercules. His dress was rich with a richness which would, in England, be looked upon as akin to bad taste. Heavy bands of astrakhan were slashed across the sleeves and fronts of his double-breasted coat, while the deep blue cloak which was thrown over his shoulders was lined with flame-coloured silk and secured at the neck with a brooch which consisted of a single flaming beryl.
Like a stranger, I am on the outside looking in. I tore myself apart and I am left a skeleton. And it's been a long way down for me. It's been a long way down, but now I'm finally here. I will never understand.
You think I know the first thing about how hard your life has been, how you feel, who you are, because I read Oliver Twist? Does that encapsulate you?
Once before, I offered you peace. If you had not been so arrogant, you could have returned to your homeland with a fleet of ships. Instead, you will flee Slaver's Bay on foot, like the Beggar Queen you are.
Space, the final frontier. These are the voyages of the Starship Enterprise. Its 5-year mission: to explore strange new worlds, to seek out new life and new civilisations, to boldly go where no man has gone before.
A truth once seen by a single mind ends up by imposing itself on the totality of human consciousness.
You know, you really don't need a forensics team to get to the bottom of this. If you guys were the inventors of Facebook, you'd have invented Facebook.
I never conquered, rarely came. 16 just held such better days. Days when I still felt alive. We couldn't wait to get outside. The world was wide, too late to try. The tour was over, we'd survived. I couldn't wait 'til I got home to pass the time in my room alone.
So in the late fall of 1982, when I heard that Tap was releasing a new album called "Smell the Glove", and was planning their first tour of the United States in almost six years to promote that album, well needless to say I jumped at the chance to make the documentary - the, if you will, "rockumentary" - that you're about to see.
Silence fell between them, as tangible as the dark tree shadows that fell across their laps and that now seemed to rest upon them as heavily as though they possessed a measurable weight of their own.
You don't know what's in store, but you know what you're here for.
Messes of men in farmer poverty; not much for monks but we pretend to be. Share a silent meal and a pot of chamomile, gypsies like us should be stamped in solidarity. Hold you in my fond but distant memory while waiting for the Mother Hen to gather me who regretfully wrote.
That's too bad, I said lunch meet. You want a drink? Lose the glasses. I'm gonna say a few things. I'm gonna say some bad words. You're just gonna have to deal with it. Now, I know what you're thinking: you're thinking I clipped your uncle. On the one hand, you'd be an idiot to believe me when I told you I didn't do it. But I didn't. Now, I got some bad news for you. Look at me. Look at me. Your uncle was a rat.
He's not asking me to make a choice. He's telling me to take a stand. I'm either with him or against him. All or nothing. I'm disgusted with the whole business. I don't want smicha if the price I have to pay for it is to stop thinking.
For restless eyes egos burn and the mould is hard to break. Now we've waded in too deep and love is overboard. Heavy hearts, token words, all the hopes I ever had fade like footprints in the sand.
The Peacocks are not dancing so it will not rain. The Peacocks are not dancing so it will not rain? Have you been smoking Ganja?
At that moment, in the town of Coeur dae Coeurs, events occurred that are not, were not, and should never be considered an ending. For endings, as it is known, are where we begin.
I'm going to improvise. Listen, there's something you should know about me... about inception. An idaea is like a virus, resilient, highly contagious. The smallest saeed of an idaea can grow. It can grow to define or destroy you.
The Cat: I say let's get into the jet-powered rocket pants and Junior Birdman out of here. Kryten: An excellent and inventive suggestion, sir, with just two tiny drawbacks. A, We don't have any jet-powered rocket pants. And B, There's no such thing as jet-powered rocket pants outside the fictional serial "Robbie Rocket Pants". The Cat: Well, that's put a crimp on an otherwise fine plan.
I can't see the rationality. The world's not my responsibility, and happiness isn't there for me, but maybe I'll inch closer to the source when I find true north (with or without a friend. Keep searching 'til the end.)
It was the kind of voice that the ear follows up and down, as if each speech is an arrangement of notes that will never be played again.
His soul swooned slowly as he heard the snow falling faintly through the universe and faintly falling, like the descent of their last end, upon all the living and the dead.
Sometimes he awoke with a feeling of fragments afloat in his sleep, but he couldn't seem to grasp them and put them together into something worthy of telling at the ritual.
I can remember everything. That's my curse, young man. It's the greatest curse that's ever been inflicted on the human race: memory.
You know when I was your age, I went out to fishing with all my brothers and my father, and everybody. And I was the only one who caught a fish.
This was the most delicious meal he'd had in recent years, and he picked up the shrimp and scallops one after another and swallowed them as if they did not require chewing.
We are going to die, and that makes us the lucky ones. Most people are never going to die because they are never going to be born. The potential people who could have been here in my place but who will in fact never see the light of day outnumber the sand grains of Arabia. Certainly those unborn ghosts include greater poets than Keats, scientists greater than Newton.
You put the killing thing right between your teeth, but you don't give it the power to do its killing.
There's a storm coming, Mr. Wayne. You and your friends better batten down the hatches, because when it hits, you're all gonna wonder how you ever thought you could live so large and leave so little for the rest of us.
Buddhism addresses two major types of meditation. Vipassana can be translated as "insight," a clear awareness of exactly what is happening as it happens. Samatha can be translated as "concentration" or "tranquillity". It is a state in which the mind is brought to rest, focused only on one item and not allowed to wander.
Never give up, no matter how far behind you are, no matter how unlikely it seems you will catch your competitor in front of you. Keep pushing until the chequered flag falls.
Bobby, my uncle loves you. He needs you. So you're gonna get up tomorrow morning and you're gonna get dressed, and you're gonna get in that car and you're gonna do what needs to be done, aren't you?
When you go into the ER, one of the first things they ask you to do is rate your pain on a scale of one to ten, and from there they decide which drugs to use and how quickly to use them. I'd been asked this question hundreds of times over the years, and I remember once early on when I couldn't get my breath and it felt like my chest was on fire, flames licking the inside of my ribs fighting for a way to burn out of my body, my parents took me to the ER. Nurse asked me about the pain, and I couldn't even speak, so I held up nine fingers.
"It's said war - war never changes. Men do, through the roads they walk. And this road... has reached its end."
We're living on borrowed time here. Every minute of our life is a minute we steal from them! You see them out there. You know that when we die, we become them. You think we hide behind walls to protect us from the walking dead. Don't you get it? We are the walking dead.
A heart is not judged by how much you love but by how much you are loved by others.
Sometimes you concentrate more on racing the cars around you, rather than focusing on what you need to do. Having said that, some drivers actually perform best when there is a little extra incentive - like chasing another car. But be careful you don't get too caught up in what the competition is doing. Focus on your own performance rather than on the competition.
But his soul was mad. Being alone in the wilderness, it had looked within itself and, by heavens I tell you, it had gone mad.
It is a period of civil war. Rebel spaceships, striking from a hidden base, have won their first victory against the evil Galactic Empire. During the battle, Rebel spies managed to steal secret plans to the Empire's ultimate weapon, the Death Star, an armoured space station with enough power to destroy an entire planet.
Mostly, I could tell, I made him feel uncomfortable. He didn't understand me, and he was sort of holding it against me. I felt the urge to reassure him that I was like everybody else, just like everybody else. But really there wasn't much point, and I gave up the idaea out of laziness.
To an outsider's ear it sounds absurdly wild and ridiculous to speak of the vocation of a thief. However, I venture to assure you that this vocation is a reality.
There's an old voice in my head that's holding me back. Well, tell her that I miss our little talks. Soon it will be over and buried with our past. We used to play outside when we were young and full of life and full of love.
Every time I think of exercise, I have to lie right down until the feeling leaves me.
We've come up with a camera so tiny it fits into this oversized novelty hat. Now, go get us some incriminating footage. And remember: you have to get in and out for 10 minutes, or you suffer permanent neck damage.
And the more I drink the more I feel it. That's why I drink too. I try to find sympathy and feeling in drink.
This country is hard on people. Hard and crazy. Got the devil in it yet folks never seem to hold it to account.
A young Jedi named Darth Vader, who was a pupil of mine until he turned to evil, helped the Empire hunt down and destroy the Jedi knights. He betrayed and murdered your father. Now the Jedi are all but extinct. Vader was seduced by the dark side of the Force.
My name is Tou-gyou. I am the King of Tong-nou. Rin, I too have been set free with your Katana. Tong-Nou is not a world where souls are devoured. It calls forth the troubled souls to stabilise and purify. It was an island of purification. But, King-gyou, Sui-gyou, Moku-gyou and Ka-gyou discovered the use of human souls. They united to tear me into eight pieces and scattered my parts in eight directions. The eight pieces of my body were dispersed all over the Tong-Nou World. I called for a strong soul to gather my pieces. Again and again, I called out for a strong soul to perform the rescue. But unfortunately, these souls could not withstand the force of the four Kings and were devoured. The last soul I called for was the ninth one, which happened to be yours.
The old gnome tells you that he has something that may be very useful to you. Your task is to guess his name in three guesses and his gift will be yours. Good luck! What is your first guess? Sir Graham: Ifnkovhgroghprm Ifnkovhgroghprm: That's right!!! You've guessed it!! Here are some magic beans for your outstanding accomplishment!
If an exoplanet happens to transit its star, we can often determine both its mass and its radius, and hence estimate its density and possibly even its composition. More than 200 transiting hot Jupiters have been measured in this way. But when astronomers calculate their densities the numbers they obtain are generally much lower than predicted by theory.
Renting a car in Palau has its advantages and disadvantages. Taxis and tour companies can take you on guided tours of the big island, but they are often expensive and less convenient than a rental car. Having your own car will allow you to go off the beaten path and to take your time. It is also a great idaea if you are planning to spend a night or two at one of the little beach resorts up north.
Look at the stars. Same stars as last week, last year, when we were kids, when we weren't even born. In a hundred years no one will ever know who we were... they'll know those same stars.
Turn me loose from your hands, let me fly to distant lands over green fields, trees and mountains, flowers and forest fountains. Home along the lanes of the skyway.
Build a man a fire, and he'll be warm for a day. Set a man on fire, and he'll be warm for the rest of his life.
No one can hurry me down to Hades before my time, but if a man's hour is come, be he brave or be he coward, there is no escape for him when he has once been born.
It's really hard to do nothing totally. Even just sitting here, like this, our bodies are churning, our minds are chattering. There's a whole commotion going on inside us.
I got you, baby I got you. Until you're used to my face, and my mystery fades, I got you. So baby love me, before they all love me, until you won't love me, because they'll all love me. I'll be different, I think I'll be different... I hope I'm not different, and I hope you'll still listen, but until then, baby I got you.
Perhaps if you know you are insane then you are not insane. Or you are becoming sane, finally. Waking up.
Let me tell you the storey of right hand, left hand. It's a tale of good and evil. Hate: it was with this hand that Cain iced his brother. Love: these five fingers, they go straight to the soul of man. The right hand: the hand of love. The storey of life is this: static.
How would he like to come with me to the Museum of Natural History after everyone else has left, just the two of us, and he can touch anything he wants. I just heard it as you must have heard it and that's not good. Let me start again. I'm a paleontologist, you'll be there with us and the touching refers only to bones - fossils!
She hangs her head and cries on my shirt. She must be hurt very badly. Tell me what's making you sad, Li? Open your door, don't hide in the dark. You're lost in the dark, you can trust me cause you know that's how it must be.
When a great office is vacant, either by death or disgrace (which often happens), five or six of those candidates petition the emperor to entertain his majesty and the court with a dance on the rope; and whoever jumps the highest, without falling, succeeds in the office.
Everyone said I was daft to build a castle on a swamp, but I built it all the same, just to show them. It sank into the swamp. So I built a second one. That sank into the swamp. So I built a third. That burned down, fell over, then sank into the swamp. But the fourth one stayed up!
Most laymen assume that the care label instructions for rainwear refer to the effect of cleaning on water repellency. Actually, the water-resistant chemicals with which raincoats are treated are partially removed by both washing and dry-cleaning. Strangely, washing is easier on water repellency than dry-cleaning, as long as the detergent is completely removed through extra rinse cycles.
For neither good nor evil can last for ever; and so it follows that as evil has lasted a long time, good must now be close at hand.
Now if you choose not to respond to my parental authority I should warn you I have mind-altering drugs in the other room and I'm not afraid to use them.
I believe virtually everything I read and I think that is what makes me more of a selective human than someone who doesn't believe anything.
It is always painful to part from people whom one has known for a very brief space of time. The absence of old friends one can endure with equanimity.
We turn away to face the cold, enduring chill, as the day begs the night for mercy love. The sun so bright it leaves no shadows, only scars, carved into stone on the face of earth. The moon is up and over One Tree Hill we see the sun go down in your eyes.
Well, by the second morning I was out of food. The third day the light bulb burnt out. Pitch black in there. That's when the rats started coming out. I dozed off and I felt a thing nibbling my finger. I woke up, it was, you know, chewing my finger.
You can tell me that your dog ran away then tell me that it took three days. I've heard every joke, I've heard every one you'd say. You think there's not a lot goin' on. Look closer baby, you're so wrong. And that's why you can stay so long when there's not a lot goin' on.
Sometimes you are too ashamed to leave. That was true now. And sometimes you need too much to know the facts, and so humbly and stupidly you stay.
Even a little girl like you, Aravis, must see that it would be quite absurd to suppose he is a real lion.
While it may hold true that the final few seconds of a bike race are fastest and apparently chaotic, at 70 kph and 200 heartbeats per minute, there's simply no time for anxiety. Adrenaline, yes. Instinct, sure. But fear, no.
Do we really want to travel in hermetically sealed popemobiles through the rural provinces of France, Mexico, and the Far East, eating only in Hard Rock Cafes and McDonalds? Or do we want to eat without fear, tearing into the local stew, the humble taqueria's mystery meat, the sincerely offered gift of a lightly grilled fish head? I know what I want. I want it all. I want to try everything once.
Why did I move here? I guess it was the weather. Or the... Ah, I don't know, that thing. That magic. You see it in the movies. I wanted to retire from what I was doing, you know? From that, that... line of work. Be a good guy for once, a family man. So, I bought a big house. Came here, put my feet up, and thought I'd be a dad like all the other dads. My kids would be like the kids on TV, we play ball and sit in the sun... But well, you know how it is.
Confession is not betrayal. What you say or do doesn't matter; only feelings matter. If they could make me stop loving you - that would be the real betrayal.
It is something to be able to paint a particular picture, or to carve a statue, and so to make a few objects beautiful; but it is far more glorious to carve and paint the very atmosphere and medium through which we look, which morally we can do. To affect the quality of the day, that is the highest of arts.
If you're going to San Francisco be sure to wear some flowers in your hair. You're gonna meet some gentle people there. All across the nation, such a strange vibration. There's a whole generation with a new explanation.
I think you're the greatest but my dad says you don't work hard enough on defence. And he says that lots of times, you don't even run downcourt. And that you don't really try except during the playoffs.
Certain things, they should stay the way they are. You ought to be able to stick them in one of those big glass cases and just leave them alone.
A man on a thousand mile walk has to forget his goal and say to himself every morning, "Today I'm going to cover twenty-five miles and then rest up and sleep."
Somebody said you got a new friend. But does she love you better than I can? And there's a big black sky over my own. I know where you're at, I bet she's around. And yeah I know it's stupid, but I just gotta see it for myself.
I hope it is true that a man can die and yet not only live in others but give them life, and not only life but that great consciousness of life.
I know what you're thinking, how the heck does a fifty-two year-old, over the hill milkshake machine salesman build a fast food empire with sixteen hundred restaurants and an annual revenue of seven hundred million dollars? One word: persistence.
But no matter how effective the lesson was, I never really used it after that. I didn't enjoy doing it that way. But it was interesting to know that things worked much differently from how I was brought up.
Desktop publishing revolutionised the creation of printed documents, not only from the standpoint of speed and accuracy, but also by enabling anyone to mass-produce the printed word.
Tonight I'm making deals with the devil, and I know it's gonna get me in trouble. Just as long as you know you got me.
Far from being accidental details, the properties of nature's basic building blocks are deeply entwined with the fabric of space and time.
You fight with the strength of many men Sir Knight. I am Arthur, King of the Britons. I seek the finest and the bravest Knights in the land to join me in my court at Camelot. You have proved yourself worthy. Will you join me? You make me sad. So be it. Come Patsy.
One of the few things I still miss from my Midwest childhood was this weird, deluded but unshakable conviction that everything around me existed all and only For Me. Am I the only one who had this queer deep sense as a kid? -- that everything exterior to me existed only insofar as it affected me somehow? -- that all things were somehow, via some occult adult activity, specially arranged for my benefit?
It will seem difficult at first, but everything is difficult at first.
In a very real sense we have two minds, one that thinks and one that feels.
Peter Bailey was not a businessman. That's what killed him. Oh, I don't mean any disrespect to him, God rest his soul. He was a man of high ideals. So called. But ideals without common sense can ruin this town.
If we can simply determine whether Johnson was "conservative" or "liberal," for instance, we can use that comprehensive allegiance to determine where he would have stood on every issue, just as we make the same blanket determination for ourselves. No need to look at particulars. In other words, we should like to know which sort of cant would best suit the man who told us to clear our minds of cant.
Look at the night and it don't seem so lonely. We filled it up with only two, and when I hurt, hurting runs off my shoulder. How can I hurt when I'm holding you?
They call me the king of the spreadsheets, got 'em printed out on my bedsheets. My new computer's got the clocks, it rocks, but it was obsolete before I opened the box. You say you've had your desktop for over a week? Throw that junk away, man, it's an antique.
On Hard your towers cost more than normal, the Bloons move faster and you have 100 lives only. Beating round 85 in hard difficulty awards you a gold medal for that track.
You can tie up a lot of resources by keeping a bugged phone line open. As long as it's open, they're supposed to keep listening. Say a few cryptic things now and then and they'll be stuck in their little van trying to figure out what the hell you're doing.
The treatment of atoms with more than one electron requires consideration of the effects of interelectronic repulsion, orbital penetration towards the nuclear shielding, and an extra quantum number which specifies the intrinsic energy of the electron in any orbital. All these considerations are necessary to allow construction of the modern form of the periodic classification of the elements.
Did you ever see that "Twilight Zone" where the guy signed a contract and they cut out his tongue and put it in a jar and it wouldn't die, it just grew and pulsated and gave birth to baby tongues? Pretty cool, huh?
People say I'm lazy, dreaming my life away. Well they give me all kinds of advice designed to enlighten me. When I tell them that I'm doing fine watching shadows on the wall.
I've a rich understanding of my finest defences. I proclaim that claims are left unstated. I demand a rematch. I decree a stalemate. I divine my deeper motives. I recognise the weapons. I've practised them well; I fitted them myself.
We don't understand what really causes events to happen. History is the fiction we invent to persuade ourselves that events are knowable and that life has order and direction. That's why events are always reinterpreted when values change. We need new versions of history to allow for our current prejudices.
But no. She shook her head, an imperceptible, forgiving shrug. Her eyelids closed softly down upon her golden eyes. Marriage made people old and familiar, while still young. She lay back in a chair that moved to take her shape even as she moved. She closed her eyes tightly and nervously. The dream occurred.
I'm not promoting the economic upside as much as I am the opportunity to drink something giant and blue.
There's a harsh truth to face. No way I'm gonna make it on the outside. All I do anymore is think of ways to break my parole, so maybe they'd send me back. Terrible thing, to live in fear. Brooks Hatlen knew it. Knew it all too well. All I want is to be back where things make sense. Where I won't have to be afraid all the time. Only one thing stops me. A promise I made to Andy.
I walk ten thousand miles, ten thousand miles to see you. And every gasp of breath I grabbed it just to find you. I climbed up every hill to get to you. I wandered ancient lands to hold just you.
Why can't I live as well as my parents did? Will I still have a job next year? What will happen to my kids?
She was wearing a pair of my pyjamas with the sleeves rolled up. When she laughed I wanted her again. A minute later she asked me if I loved her. I told her it didn't mean anything but that I didn't think so. She looked sad. But as we were fixing lunch, and for no apparent reason, she laughed in such a way that I kissed her.
Formerly, when I would feel a desire to understand someone, or myself, I would take into consideration not actions, in which everything is relative, but wishes. Tell me what you want and I'll tell you who you are.
Do I really look like a guy with a plan? You know what I am? I'm a dog chasing cars. I wouldn't know what to do with one if I caught it. You know, I just do things. I'm not a schemer. I try to show the schemers how pathetic their attempts to control things really are.
I'm so glad you came, I'm so glad you remembered to see how we're ending our last dance together. Reluctantly, cautiously, but prettier than ever - I really believe that this time it's forever.
Every whisper of every waking hour I'm choosing my confessions. Trying to keep an eye on you like a hurt, lost and blinded fool.
Yet high over the city our line of yellow windows must have contributed their share of human secrecy to the casual watcher in the darkening streets, and I was him too, looking up and wondering. I was within and without, simultaneously enchanted and repelled by the inexhaustible variety of life.
And the ship went out into the High Sea and passed on into the West, until at last on a night of rain Frodo smelled a sweet fragrance on the air and heard the sound of singing that came over the water. And then it seemed to him that as in his dream in the house of Bombadil, the grey rain-curtain turned all to silver glass and was rolled back, and he beheld white shores and beyond them a far green country under a swift sunrise.
If Realism called it like it saw it, Metafiction simply called it as it saw itself seeing itself see it.
Being comfortable in the car is critical. If you're not comfortable, it will not only take more physical energy to drive, but it will also affect you mentally. A painful body will reduce your concentration level.
Hofstadter's Law: It always takes longer than you expect, even when you take into account Hofstadter's Law.
I'll take her laughter and her tears and make them all my souvenirs. For where she goes I've got to be. The meaning of my life is she.
I have spent my whole life scared, frightened of things that could happen, might happen, might not happen. 50 years I spent like that, finding myself awake at three in the morning. But you know what? Ever since my diagnosis, I sleep just fine. What I came to realise is that fear, that's the worst of it. That's the real enemy. So get up, get out in the real world, and you kick that bastard as hard as you can right in the teeth.
The mass of men lead lives of quiet desperation. What is called resignation is confirmed desperation. From the desperate city you go into the desperate country, and have to console yourself with the bravery of minks and muskrats. A stereotyped but unconscious despair is concealed even under what are called the games and amusements of mankind. There is no play in them, for this comes after work. But it is a characteristic of wisdom not to do desperate things.
The word science is derived from a Latin verb meaning "to know." Science is a way of knowing - an approach to understanding the natural world. It developed out of our human curiosity about ourselves, other life-forms, our planet, and the universe. Striving to make sense of our experiences seems to be one of our basic urges.
There's sometimes a buggy. How many drivers does a buggy have? So, let's just say I'm driving this buggy, and if you fix your attitude, you can ride along with me. Now you will see me one more time, if you do good. You will see me, two more times, if you do bad.
I was looking for myself and asking everyone except myself questions which I, and only I, could answer. It took me a long time and much painful boomeranging of my expectations to achieve a realisation everyone else appears to have been born with: That I am nobody but myself.
We'll send him cheesy movies, the worst we can find. He'll have to sit and watch them all and we'll monitor his mind. Now keep in mind Joel can't control when the movies begin or end because he used those special parts to make his robot friends.
It's been a long day without you, my friend, and I'll tell you all about it when I see you again. We've come a long way from where we began.
This is nothing! Piece of cake! Producing is being a samurai warrior. They pay you day in, day out for years so that one day when called upon you can respond, your training at its peak, and save the day!
Very well. You belong to that unfortunate category that I would call the "Park Avenue brat." A spoilt child who's grown up in ease and luxury, who's always had her own way, and whose misdirected energies are so childish that they hardly deserve the comment, even of a butler on his off Thursday.
Because you taught yourself how to run your little fingers over the bumps and read Braille? Smart don't come out of books, kid. Smart is making the right decision at the right time. Like now. What's it gonna be, Matty? You gonna spend your life crying and rocking yourself to sleep at night? Or are you gonna dig deep and find out what it takes to reshuffle those cards life dealt you? Your call.
There are still some places where you can get all you can eat for a fixed price. Fried chicken is the best and the easiest to pocket, or should we say bag.
It is a maxim among these lawyers, that whatever hath been done before may legally be done again: and therefore they take special care to record all the decisions formerly made against common justice and the general reason of mankind. These, under the name of precedents, they produce as authorities, to justify the most iniquitous opinions; and the judges never fail of decreeing accordingly.
I still want to smack him. Or remind him that the last transfer we had from Abnegation, who is sitting right next to him, managed to knock out some of his teeth, so who knows what this next one will do.
Today, computers have taken this ancient art out of the craftsman's workshop and placed it on the desktop. Desktop publishing revolutionised the creation of printed documents, not only from the standpoint of speed and accuracy, but also by enabling anyone to mass-produce the printed word without investing the many years it takes to learn the trade.
When I really worry about something, I don't just fool around. I even have to go to the bathroom when I worry about something. Only I don't go. I'm too worried to go. I'm too worried to interrupt my worrying to go.
There are naive questions, tedious questions, ill-phrased questions, questions put after inadequate self-criticism. But every question is a cry to understand the world. There is no such thing as a dumb question.
I see a line of cars and they're all painted black with flowers and my love, both never to come back. I see people turn their heads and quickly look away. Like a new born baby, it just happens every day.
Seriously, it should have been more dramatic. His brain ought to have been flushing its entire current stock of hypotheses about the universe, none of which allowed this to happen.
So this is it. You are scored on my heart, Clark. You were from the first day you walked in, with your ridiculous clothes and your bad jokes and your complete inability to ever hide a single thing you felt.
After the Agricultural Revolution, human societies grew ever larger and more complex, while the imagined constructs sustaining the social order also became more elaborate. Myths and fictions accustomed people, nearly from the moment of birth, to think in certain ways, to behave in accordance with certain standards, to want certain things, and to observe certain rules. They thereby created artificial instinct that enabled millions of strangers to cooperate effectively. This network of artificial instincts is called 'culture'.
O clear intelligence, force beyond all measure! Gentlemen, I beg you to observe these girls: one has just now lost her mind; the other, it seems, has never had a mind at all.
The one place where a man ought to get a square deal is in a courtroom, be he any colour of the rainbow, but people have a way of carrying their resentments right into a jury box. As you grow older, you'll see white men cheat black men every day of your life, but let me tell you something and don't you forget it - whenever a white man does that to a black man, no matter who he is, how rich he is, or how fine a family he comes from, that white man is trash.
This is where it all began, gentlemen. The birthplace of Hooli. Peter Gregory's mother's garage. That was Peter's workstation. This was mine. Things sure have changed. But in a way, they've stayed exactly the same. As we forge our new path together, we must reaming focused on what's really important... not material success or wealth, but this, the spirit of innovation... a few coders, some ramen, and a dream. And that is why I brought you here. All right. Let me show you the rest of the place.
This was the most delicious meal he'd had in recent years, and he picked up the shrimp and scallops one after another and swallowed them as if they did not require chewing. The snow peas were crisp, the bamboo shoots crunchy, and the portabella mushrooms succulent, perfectly done.
Samatha is a state in which the mind is brought to rest, focused only on one item and not allowed to wander. When this is done, a deep calm pervades body and mind, a state of tranquillity which must be experienced to be understood.
Many folk like to know beforehand what is to be set on the table; but those who have laboured to prepare the feast like to keep their secret; for wonder makes the words of praise louder.
It's true, Mr. Ross entered into an early release agreement. But it's also true that he stayed in longer than he had to to keep his cell mate safe. And while he was there, he risked his own life to prevent a violent man from falsely obtaining parole.
Now Lina, you've been reading all those fan magazines again! Now look Lina, you shouldn't believe all that banana oil Doura Bailey and the columnists dish out. Now try to get this straight: there is nothing between us. There has never been anything between us. Just air.
Balderdash! Why, I once watched "Gentleman" Jim Corbett fight an Eskimo fellow bare-knuckled for a hundred and thirteen rounds! Of course, back then, if a fight lasted less than fifty rounds, we demanded our nickel back!
A long time ago, I can still remember how that music used to make me smile, and I knew if I had my chance that I could make those people dance and maybe they'd be happy for a while.
I think I really like it best when you can kid the pants off a girl when the opportunity arises.
I am very proud, revengeful, ambitious, with more offences at my beck than I have thoughts to put them in, imagination to give them shape, or time to act them in.
Pauses, ellipses, the appearance and disappearance of commas, the placement (or absence) of speech prefixes - surely such tiny events have only the most trivial bearing on the literary or the theatrical design of the drama.
She's got a smile that, it seems to me, reminds me of childhood memories, where everything was as fresh as the bright blue sky.
After water, protein is the most plentiful substance in our body; it is an integral part of every living cell. In foods, protein usually comes packaged with fat, and the type of fat determines how "healthy" a protein source is.
O'Reilly, I have seen more intelligent creatures than you lying on their backs at the bottoms of ponds. I have seen better-organised creatures than you running round farmyards with their heads cut off. Now collect your things and get out! I never want to see you or any of your men in my hotel again!
But I got smarter, I got harder in the nick of time. Honey, I rose up from the dead, I do it all the time. I got a list of names and yours is in red underlined. I checked it once, then I checked it twice.
Maybe there aren't any such things as good friends or bad friends - maybe there are just friends, people who stand by you when you're hurt and who help you feel not so lonely. Maybe they're always worth being scared for, and hoping for, and living for. Maybe worth dying for too, if that's what has to be. No good friends. No bad friends. Only people you want, need to be with; people who build their houses in your heart
I tried several times to call her, but after the first call, she wouldn't come to the phone any longer. I also sent flowers but with no luck. The smell of the flowers only made me sicker. The headaches got worse. I think I got stomach cancer. I shouldn't complain though. You're only as healthy as you feel.
Jessie, Randolph was peculiar. Any man who would go to Ecuador to sell wall-to-wall carpet is not all there.
Luke, you do not yet realise your importance. You have only begun to discover your power. Join me, and I will complete your training. With our combined strength, we can end this destructive conflict and bring order to the galaxy.
Love arrives exactly when love is supposed to, and love leaves exactly when love must. When love arrives say, "Welcome, make yourself comfortable!" If love leaves, ask her to leave the door open behind her, turn off the music, listen to the quiet. Whisper, "Thank you for stopping by."
Human history, like all great movements, was cyclical, and returned to the point of beginning. The idaea of indefinite progress in a right line was a chimera of the imagination, with no analogue in nature. The parabola of a comet was perhaps a yet better illustration of the career of humanity. Tending upward and sunward from the aphelion of barbarism, the race attained the perihelion of civilisation only to plunge downward once more to its nether goal in the regions of chaos.
As for you, my galvanised friend, you want a heart. You don't know how lucky you are not to have one. Hearts will never be practical until they can be made unbreakable.
The scientists were always hanging cores on me to regulate my behaviour. I've heard voices all my life. But now I hear the voice of a conscience, and it's terrifying, because for the first time it's my voice.
The arts are not a way to make a living. They are a very human way of making life more bearable. Practising an art, no matter how well or badly, is a way to make your soul grow, for heaven's sake. Sing in the shower. Dance to the radio. Tell storeys. Write a poem to a friend, even a lousy poem. Do it as well as you possibly can. You will get an enormous reward. You will have created something.
I tensed, waiting for the fury - both his and mine - but it was only quiet and calm in the darkness of his room. I could almost taste the sweetness of reunion in the air, a separate fragrance from the perfume of his breath; the emptiness when we were apart left its own bitter aftertaste, something I didn't consciously notice until it was removed.
You can, you should, and if you're brave enough to start, you will.
Who is this guy using my dead friend's tyred movie quotes with my dead friend's alias? And my dead friend's family? In a house that must have been paid for by my dead friend's stashed millions?
Above all, don't lie to yourself. The man who lies to himself and listens to his own lie comes to a point that he cannot distinguish the truth within him, or around him, and so loses all respect for himself and for others. And having no respect he ceases to love.
Now, hold on, Mr. Potter. You're right when you say my father was no businessman. I know that. Why he ever started this cheap, penny-ante Building and Loan, I'll never know. But neither you nor anyone else can say anything against his character, because his whole life was... why, in the 25 years since he and his brother, Uncle Billy, started this thing, he never once thought of himself.
There are still some places where you can get all you can eat for a fixed price. Sew a plastic bag onto your tee-shirt or belt and wear a loose-fitting jacket or coat to cover any noticeable bulge. Fried chicken is the best and the easiest to pocket, or should we say bag. Another trick is to pour your second free cup of hot coffee into the plastic bag sewed inside your pocket and take it with you.
And one for you, McFly; I believe that makes four in a row. Now let me give you a nickel's worth of free advice, young man. This so-called Dr. Brown is dangerous. He's a real nutcase. You hang around with him, you're gonna end up in big trouble.
Everything we hold dear likewise resolves into its original essence: values, principles, goals, and aspirations. If we take them seriously, we will suffer when they are stolen from us, just as the Lord Buddha taught. But if we see that they are all farts in the wind, and let them fly, then we can dwell in the original essence, which is fragrant and sweet, instead of the fart, which is not.
The core-periphery hierarchy in the modern world-system is a system of stratification in which socially structured inequalities are reproduced by the institutional features of the system. The periphery is not "catching up" with the core. Rather, both core and peripheral regions are developing, but most core states are staying well ahead of most peripheral states. There is also a stratum of countries that we call the semiperiphery: countries that are in between the core and the periphery.
Banana brains, you're the apple of my eye. Stay with me tonight cause I'm having the best time of my life.
Would you please state in the following order: your destination, your nationality, and your full name; surname first, Christian name and initial.
I bomb atomically. Socrates' philosophies and hypotheses can't define how I am dropping these mockeries. I lyrically perform armed robbery and flee with the lottery; possibly they spotted me. A battle-scarred shogun, there's an explosion when my pen hits: tremendous. Ultra-violet shine blinds forensics.
Even if the morrow is barren of promises, nothing shall forestall my return. To become the dew that quenches the land, to spare the sands, the seas, the skies, I offer thee this silent sacrifice.
The only thing we had in common was that she was from Iowa, and I had once heard of Iowa.
I feel no grief for being called something which I am not; in fact, it's enthralling, somehow, like a good back rub.
Fools rush in where angels fear to tread. And so I come to you, my love, my heart above my head. Though I see the danger there, if there's a chance for me then I don't care.
I can lead with pride, I can make us strong. I'll be satisfied if I play along. But the voice inside sings a different song. What is wrong with me? See the light as it shines on the sea, it's blinding. But no one knows, how deep it goes. And it seems like it's calling out to me, so come find me, And let me know The line where the sky meets the sea? It calls me! And no one knows, how far it goes. If the wind in my sail on the sea stays behind me, one day I'll know, how far I'll go.
To be fair, English is full of booby traps for the unwary foreigner. Any language where the unassuming word "fly" signifies an annoying insect, a means of travel, and a critical part of a gentleman's apparel is clearly asking to be mangled.
Too often writers believe that they can emphasise words by putting them in all capital letters. The only problem is that when all capital letters are used, the ability to read the words is reduced dramatically because all the letters are rectangles. A more effective way to emphasise words is sparingly to use bold, italics, underline, and combinations of these styles.
I see a beautiful city and a brilliant people rising from this abyss, and, in their struggles to be truly free, in their triumphs and defeats, through long years to come, I see the evil of this time and of the previous time of which this is the natural birth, gradually making expiation for itself and wearing out.
At least he had a BMW. He might live in a dump, but the world would never see it. The world, however, noticed his car, and so he struggled every month to scratch together $680 for the lease.
You know I'm terminally awkward and I have a face like a little groundhog. I just feel like, you know, for a kid like me in high school best case scenario, just survive. You know? Survive without creating any mortal enemies or hideously embarrassing yourself forever.
You've got no faith in Johnny, have you, Julia? His little dream may fall flat, you think. Well, so it may, what if it should? There'll be another. Oh, I've got all the faith in the world in Johnny. Whatever he does is alright with me. If he wants to dream for a while, he can dream for a while, and if he wants to come back and sell peanuts, oh, how I'll believe in those peanuts!
The spot where we intend to fight must not be made known; for then the enemy will have to prepare against a possible attack at several different points.
I stopped in the middle of that building and I saw - the sky. I saw the things that I love in this world. The work and the food and the time to sit and smoke. And I looked at the pen and I thought to myself, what the hell am I grabbing this for? Why am I trying to become what I don't want to be? What am I doing in an office, making a contemptuous, begging fool of myself, when all I want is out there, waiting for me the minute I say I know who I am!
you clearly don't know who you're talking to, so let me clue you in. I am not in danger, I am the danger.
We get some complaints about this swimming obstacle because the water's contaminated. Recruits forget to grab the HazMat suit and end up in my office. Not pretty.
In the short term, it would make me happy to go play outside. In the long term, it would make me happier to do well at school and become successful. But in the very long term, I know which will make better memories.
Of all creatures that breathe and move upon the earth, nothing is bred that is weaker than man.
That's me in the corner, that's me in the spotlight losing my religion trying to keep up with you, and I don't know if I can do it. Oh no, I've said too much, I haven't said enough.
And the Raven, never flitting, still is sitting, still is sitting On the pallid bust of Pallas just above my chamber door; And his eyes have all the seeming of a demon's that is dreaming, And the lamplight o'er him streaming throws his shadow on the floor; And my soul from out that shadow that lies floating on the floor Shall be lifted - nevermore!
Seeing someone lose it like that. You know, it reminded me of how I feel sometimes. Like I'm on the verge of just blowing up. All the stress and pressure and anxiety just bubbling up. But I'm never able to let it out like that. You know, I just keep it inside.
To my babies: stay strong. Daddy will be home soon. And to the rest of the world, God gave you them shoes that fit you, so put 'em on and wear 'em. Be yourself, man. Be proud of who you are. Even if it sounds corny, never let no one tell you you ain't beautiful.
This world is rotten, and those who are making it rot deserve to die! Someone has to do it, so why not me? Even if it means sacrificing my own mind and soul, it's worth it. Because the world can't go on like this! I wonder what if someone else had picked up this notebook? Is there anyone out there other than me who'd be willing to eliminate the vermin from the world? If I don't do it, then who will? That's just it; there's no one! I can do it! In fact... I'm the only one who can! I'll do it. Using the Death Note, I'll change the world.
Pal, you got that moisture on your head. Now you can go back to Punxsutawney, or you can go ahead and freeze to death. It's your choice. So what's it gonna be?
To continue, you've listened to a long and complex case, murder in the first degree. Premeditated murder is the most serious charge tried in our criminal courts. You've listened to the testimony; you've had the law read to you and interpreted as it applies in this case; it's now your duty to sit down and try to separate the facts from the fancy.
I am sailing home again. 'Cross the sea I am sailing stormy waters to be near you, to be free. I am flying like a bird 'cross the sky. I am flying, passing high clouds to be with you, to be free.
The past is history, future is a mystery, now is a gift, that's why they call it the present.
It was a marvellous night, the sort of night one only experiences when one is young. The sky was so bright, and there were so many stars.
Well, the Red Cross called out, you know, for blankets, clothes, anything. So Carlson, out of the goodness of his heart, shipped these destitute earthquake victims in Guatemala three thousand blonde stretch wigs. You know, I still have this picture in my mind of quake victims stumbling through the rubble, all looking like Dolly Parton.
Four score and seven years ago our fathers brought forth on this continent, a new nation, conceived in Liberty, and dedicated to the proposition that all men are created equal. Now we are engaged in a great civil war, testing whether that nation, or any nation so conceived and dedicated, can long endure. We are met on a great battle-field of that war. We have come to dedicate a portion of that field, as a final resting place for those who here gave their lives that that nation might live. It is altogether fitting and proper that we should do this.
Every breath you take and every move you make, every bond you break, every step you take, I'll be watching you. Every single day and every word you say, every game you play, every night you say, I'll be watching you.
When I left my home and my family, I was no more than a boy in the company of strangers in the quiet of the railway station, running scared, laying low, seeking out the poorer quarters where the ragged people go. Looking for the places only they would know.
You're here because you know something. What you know you can't explain, but you feel it. You've felt it your entire life, that there's something wrong with the world. You don't know what it is, but it's there, like a splinter in your mind, driving you mad. It is this feeling that has brought you to me.
Sholes consulted with an educator who helped him analyse the most common pairings of letters in the English language. He then split up those letters so that their type bars were farther apart and less likely to jam. That in turn dictated the layout of the keyboard - known as QWERTY, for the first five letters in the upper row. In a manner of speaking, he slowed down the typists to prevent jamming, and thus speed up the typing.
Give us this day our daily discount outlet merchandise. Raise up a multiplex and we will make a sacrifice.
Brick Top: "After you got six pieces, you gotta get rid of 'em. Of course you can't just leave it in the deep freeze for your mum to discover, can ya?" Pause while the guys are still holding the body. The door opens and in walks Errol. He passes Brick Top a cup of in a take away container.
Two years ago this property cost one million pounds. Today, it costs five million. How did this happen? Attractive tax opportunities for foreign investment, restrictive building consent and massive hedge fund bonuses. London, my good man, is fast becoming the financial and cultural capital of the world.
The wonder is, not that the field of stars is so vast, but that man has measured it.
You should enjoy the little detours. To the fullest. Because that's where you'll find the things more important than what you want.
The creation ends in South Georgia, at the very edge of the sweet earth. Only the sky, widest of the wide, goes on, flatness against flatness. The sky appears so close that, with a long-enough extension ladder, you think you could touch it, and sometimes you do, when clouds descend in the night to set a fine pelt of dew on the grasses, leaving behind white trails of fog and mist.
And the great owners, who must lose their land in an upheaval, the great owners with access to history, with eyes to read history and to know the great fact: when property accumulates in too few hands it is taken away. And that companion fact: when a majority of the people are hungry and cold they will take by force what they need.
Just in case you accidentally wander into a voting booth one day, there's some things you should know and one of them is there's absolutely no evidence to support the statement that we're the greatest country in the world. We're 7th in literacy, 27th in math, 22nd in science, 49th in life expectancy, 178th in infant mortality, 3rd in median household income, number 4 in labour force, and number 4 in exports. We lead the world in only three categories: number of incarcerated citizens per capita, number of adults who believe angels are real, and defence spending, where we spend more than the next 26 countries combined. 25 of whom are allies.
Booth: Machete sent me a text. Osiris: What did it say Booth: "You just messed with the wrong Mexican."
But when a man suspects any wrong, it sometimes happens that if he be already involved in the matter, he insensibly strives to cover up his suspicions even from himself.
You know, Michael; now that you're so respectable, I think you're more dangerous than ever. I liked you better when you were just a common Mafia hood.
I wanna wake up in a city that doesn't sleep and find I'm king of the hill, top of the heap. These little town blues are melting away.
You can't always get what you want, but if you try sometimes you might find you get what you need.
The cost of a thing is the amount of what I will call life which is required to be exchanged for it, immediately or in the long run.
Titanium was discovered in 1790 but not purified until the early 1990s. Moreover, the metal did not become widely used until the second half of the twentieth century. However, titanium now has the accumulated experience of some 50 years of modern industrial practise and design application to support its use.
"No one ever arrives home," she says amiably. "But when the paths of friends meet, the whole world looks like home for a while."
I don't want to talk to you no more, you empty-headed animal food trough wiper! I fart in your general direction! Your mother was a hamster and your father smelt of elderberries!
You want to win... You want to win so desperately? You desire the Grail so desperately? You have crushed... You have crushed my sole remaining wish... And you just stand there...do you not feel any shame at all?! I will never forgive you... I will never forgive any of you! You inhuman monsters, who have ruined the honour of a knight, let my blood taint your dreams forever! May the Grail be cursed. May the wish it grants bring disaster! And when you fall into the searing pits of hell... you will remember the hateful rage of Diarmuid!
The other night I dreamt of knives, continental drift divide. Mountains sit in a line, Leonard Bernstein, Leonid Brezhnev, Lenny Bruce, and Lester Bangs. Birthday party, cheesecake, jellybean, boom. You symbiotic, patriotic, slam book neck, right? Right.
Since you won that Italian bike, man, you've been acting weird. You're really getting to think you're Italian, aren't you?
Yes. In the end you will walk out. Because 100,000 Englishmen simply cannot control 350 million Indians, if those Indians refuse to cooperate.
'The counsel of Gandalf was not founded on foreknowledge of safety, for himself or for others,' said Aragorn. 'There are some things that it is better to begin than to refuse, even though the end may be dark.'
I got my hands on some canned fruit, I traded those for batteries, the batteries for DVDs, and I swapped those with the janitor for the school's entire supply of toilet paper. Once the "specially seasoned" meatloaf works its magic, I can name my price.
So tonight, sweet dreams, and sleep tight. I've been trying so hard, can't get you out of my mind and if this is how it has to be, just promise me you won't forget me, and I'll leave you with this lullaby, tonight...
You move like i want to. To see like your eyes do.
If you want a picture of the future, imagine a boot stamping on a human face - forever.
Must the citizen ever for a moment, or in the least degree, resign his conscience to the legislator? Why has every man a conscience then? I think that we should be men first, and subjects afterwards. It is not desirable to cultivate a respect for the law, so much as for the right. The only obligation which I have a right to assume is to do at any time what I think right.
He was close, real close. I couldn't see him yet, but I could feel him, as if the boat were being sucked upriver and the water was flowing back into the jungle. Whatever was going to happen, it wasn't gonna be the way they call it back in Nha Trang.
I know why you've come, False Shepherd. I see every sin that blackens your soul. Wounded Knee. The Pinkertons. The drinking and the gambling. And, of course, Anna. And now, to repay a debt, you've come for my lamb. But not all debts can be repaid, Booker.
Now that I know that I'm breaking to pieces, I'll pull out my heart and I'll feed it to anyone. Crying for sympathy, crocodiles cry for the love of the crowd and the free cheers from everyone. Dropping through sky, through the glass of the roof, through the roof of your mouth, through the mouth of your eye, through the eye of the needle, it's easier for me to get closer to heaven than ever feel whole again.
I've been driving this route for 15 years. I've brought 'em out here to get that stuff, and I've drove 'em home after they had it. It changes them... On the way out here, they sit back and enjoy the ride. They talk to me; sometimes we stop and watch the sunsets, and look at the birds flyin'. Sometimes we stop and watch the birds when there ain't no birds. And look at the sunsets when its raining. We have a swell time. And I always get a big tip.
Everyone has questions about the economy. Why can't I live as well as my parents did? Will I still have a job next year? What will happen to my kids? To our world? If the experts are baffled, how can the rest of us understand what's going on? I started looking for the answers in economic texts. I found enough insights to get me started, but I couldn't seem to make the insights add up.
Well the years start coming and they don't stop coming. Fed to the rules and I hit the ground running. Didn't make sense not to live for fun. Your brain gets smart but your head gets dumb. So much to do, so much to see. So what's wrong with taking the back streets? You'll never know if you don't go. You'll never shine if you don't glow.
Triplets born, the throne awaits, a seer warns of a deadly fate. Give up your children, separate. Bide your time. Lie in wait! Sonic Underground! Sonic Underground! They made a vow their mother will be found. The children grow - learn what's right. Leaders of the freedom fight. They seek their mother. She knows they do. Is it time? If she only knew. Will the prophecy come true? Sonic Underground! Sonic Underground! "I long for my children, but I have to wait. To act too soon could seal their fate." They made a vow their mother will be found. Sonic Underground!
Never forget what you are, for surely the world will not. Make it your strength. Then it can never be your weakness. Armour yourself in it, and it will never be used to hurt you.
We are the world, we are the children. We are the ones who make a brighter day, so let's start giving. There's a choice we're making. We're saving our own lives. It's true we'll make a better day, just you and me.
I'm now reading a message from the guy who writes the news. Believe it or not, I'll read anything he writes! It's incredible. If it's on the teleprompter, I'll read it, no questions asked. My mind is on my dinner reservations. There's a kind of Zen perfection to my vacuity. Oops, I see we're almost out of time. Back to the broadcast. And that's tonight's news. For all of us here at ABC News, I'm overpaid.
Well, a scavenger hunt is exactly like a treasure hunt, except in a treasure hunt you try to find something you want, and in a scavenger hunt you try to find something that nobody wants.
The typewriter had a problem, though. Try to type quickly on it, and the type bars banged into one another and got stuck. The solution to that problem resulted in the keyboard we know today.
When I was younger, so much younger than today, I never needed anybody's help in any way. But now these days are gone, I'm not so self-assured. Now I find I've changed my mind, I've opened up the doors.
It's like this: You're eight years old. He misses your birthday party. You wanna cry about it but he's on TV that night for separating the heads of Siamese twins. You're ten. He's not there to see you in the school play. He is however in the New York Times for restoring the vision of a five year old kid. I think he was my dad's excuse for missing my elementary school graduation. You know you want to be mad at him. You wanna hate him. But you can't. He's saving lives.
It's no use going back to yesterday, because I was a different person then.
This is the first day of my life. I swear I was born right in the doorway. I went out in the rain, suddenly everything changed; they're spreading blankets on the beach. Yours is the first face that I saw. I think I was blind before I met you. Now I donâ€™t know where I am, I donâ€™t know where Iâ€™voe been, but I know where I want to go.
While you were sleeping, you tossed, you turned. You rolled your eyes as the world burned. The heavens fell, the earth quaked. I thought you must be, but you weren't awake.
Putting more makeup on the masks that we wear. Turning the nightlights on in the daytime to scare.
I will move away from here. You won't be afraid of fear. No thought was put into this. I always knew it'd come to this. Things have never been so swell. And I have never failed to fail.
I ran out of tears when I was 18, so nobody made me but the main streets. 'Cause too many people think they made me. Well, if they really made me then replace me.
I didn't know it was the beginning of the end. Justin, you were in love with my friend Kat. My only friend. So you see, that's where the trouble began. That smile. That damned smile.
The war against the orcs took its toll, and the prisoners of the realm were to pay the price. The king needed swords for his army, and every man guilty of a crime, no matter how insignificant, was forced to work in the ore mines of Khorinis. To make it impossible for them to escape, the king sent out the best magicians of the kingdom to create a magic barrier around the entire valley.
The year 1997 has arrived. A herd of ugly reds are rushing from the mainland. Crime rate skyrockeded! Hongkong is ruined! Therefore, The Hongkong government called Bruce Lee's relative "Chin" for the massacre of the reds. Chin is a killer machine. Wipe out all 1.2 billion of the red communists! However, in mainland China there was a secret project in progress! A project to transform the deceased Tong Shau Ping into an ultimate weapon!
I am invisible, understand, simply because people refuse to see me. Like the bodiless heads you see sometimes in circus sideshows, it is as though I have been surrounded by mirrors of hard, distorting glass. When they approach me they see only my surroundings, themselves or figments of their imagination, indeed, everything and anything except me.
Nobody exists on purpose. Nobody belongs anywhere. We're all going to die. Come watch TV.
The Canadians were glad to keep mum. The scheme would boost their railroads. Plus Hennessy bought the shield all of his machinery and cast iron from the same Canadian factories that supplied the Saint Clair job.
Let me tell you what's gonna happen, Officer Grimly. I'm going to roll my window up, then I'm going to drive away, and you're gonna go home to your daughter, and every few years, you're gonna look at her face and know that you're alive because you chose not to go down a certain road on a certain night. That you chose to walk into the light instead of into the darkness.
I hated this movie. Hated hated hated hated hated this movie. Hated it. Hated every simpering stupid vacant audience-insulting moment of it. Hated the sensibility that thought anyone would like it. Hated the implied insult to the audience by its belief that anyone would be entertained by it.
You know I'm just a fool who's willing to sit around and wait for you. But baby, can't you see there's nothing else for me to do? I'm hopelessly devoted to you.
The child is brought up in a culture where he or she simply takes social reality for granted. We learn to perceive and use cars, bathtubs, houses, money, restaurants, and schools without reflecting on the special features of their ontology and without being aware that they have a special ontology. They seem as natural to us as stones and water and trees.
If I told you that a flower bloomed in a dark room would you trust it? I mean, I write poems in these songs dedicated to you when you're in the mood for empathy, there's blood on my pen.
People running everywhere, don't know the way to go, don't know where I am. Can't see past the next step, don't have to think past the last mile, have no time to look around. Just run around, run around and think why.
It's the weather. When it gets damp and cold people get depressed, irritable and unpleasant. In the winter, Scandinavia has more lunatics per capita than any other country in the world.
What distinguished Ellington from most of his contemporaries was that he set himself the goal of expanding the time frame of the jazz piece, stretching it well beyond the limits of the 78-rpm side and into the realm of the large-scale classical work.
You think you will die, but you just keep living, day after day after terrible day.
When do you think people die? When they are shot through the heart by the bullet of a pistol? No. When they are ravaged by an incurable disease? No. When they drink a soup made from a poisonous mushroom!? No! It's when they are forgotten.
My son, what pain stirs such uncontrollable anger? Why this rage? Where has your care for what is ours vanished? First will you not see whether Creusa, your wife, and your child Ascanius still live, and where you have left your father Anchises worn-out with age? The Greek ranks surround them on all sides, and if my love did not protect them, the flames would have caught them before now, and the enemy swords drunk of their blood.
If you've had half as much fun watching the show as we've had doing it, well then we've had twice as much fun doing the show as you've had watching it.
I went to a party at the local county jail; all the cons were dancing, and the band began to wail. But the guys were indiscreet; they were brawling in the street. At the local dance; at the local county jail.
The boy had been working for the crystal merchant for almost a month, and he could see that it wasn't exactly the kind of job that would make him happy. The merchant spent the entire day mumbling behind the counter, telling the boy to be careful with the pieces and not to break anything.
Losing you would end my life you see, cause you mean that much to me. You could have told me yourself that you loved someone else.
My cousin Anthony went into business for himself - we all know this - in a way for which there is no excuse. He's got a problem with rage. He disappointed me, Anthony, in ways that I can't even begin to tell you, and he put us all at risk. Irregardless, it's been made clear to me that if they put their hands on him, he will not be dealt with quick. We're talking torture. For that reason, even if I knew where my cousin was, and I do not, I would not deliver him up to them. I am offering him the same protection that I would offer any of you in similar circumstances.
Finally, from so little sleeping and so much reading, his brain dried up and he went completely out of his mind.
This here is Daisy Domergue. She's wanted dead or alive for murder, so when that sun comes out, I'm taking this woman to hell!
And if by chance an honest man like yourself should make enemies then they would become my enemies. And then, they would fear you.
Says who? Just so you know, the people who talk that way think that monkeys can do this. They take all this monkey crap and stick it in a briefcase, completely unaware that their success depends on something more than shoeshine. You are the product. You feeling something, that's what sells. Not them. They can't do what we do and they hate us for it.
I turned back, and perceived a vast opaque body between me and the sun moving forwards towards the island: it seemed to be about two miles high, and hid the sun six or seven minutes; but I did not observe the air to be much colder, or the sky more darkened, than if I had stood under the shade of a mountain.
Yes. I consider myself a nerd. And this movie has uplifted me. There's this one scene, where a nerd grabs the microphone during a pep rally and announces that he is a nerd and that he is proud of it and stands up for the rights of other nerds.
Ever seen the size of one of their molars? They go through bone like it's butter. You gotta have a few pigs though, you need about sixteen. They will go through a body that weighs two hundred pounds in about eight minutes. That means that a single pig can consume two pounds of uncooked flesh every minute... Hence the expression "greedy as a pig."
It was also a lot easier for online teachers to hold their students' attention, because here in the OASIS, the classrooms were like holodecks. Teachers could take their students on a virtual field trip every day, without ever leaving the school grounds.
I just feel like there are so many things that I could be doing and probably want to be doing that I'm just not.
Now, I swear three days ago neither one of us would've ever pulled a stunt like this, but if you was ever to meet my husband, you'd understand why.
Oh... and how is education supposed to make me feel smarter? Besides, every time I learn something new, it pushes some old stuff out of my brain. Remember when I took that home wine-making course and I forgot how to drive?
In my opinion, if, as the result of certain combinations, Kepler's or Newton's discoveries could become known to people in no other way than by sacrificing the lives of one, or ten, or a hundred or more people who were hindering the discovery, or standing as an obstacle in its path, then Newton would have the right, and it would even be his duty to remove those ten or a hundred people, in order to make his discoveries known to mankind. It by no means follows from this, incidentally, that Newton should have the right to kill anyone he pleases, whomever happens along, or to steal from the market every day.
Today, you people are no longer maggots. Today, you are Marines. You're part of a brotherhood. From now on until the day you die, wherever you are, every Marine is your brother. Most of you will go to Vietnam. Some of you will not come back. But the Marine Corps lives forever. And that means YOU live forever.
The day dawned bleak and chill, a moving wall of grey light out of the northeast which, instead of dissolving into moisture, seemed to disintegrate into minute and venomous particles, like dust that, when Dilsey opened the door of the cabin and emerged, needled laterally into her flesh, precipitating not so much a moisture as a substance partaking of the quality of thin, not quite congealed oil.
I leave you with photographs, pictures of trickery, and stains on the carpet, stains on the memory, and songs about happiness murmured in dreams, when we both of us knew how the end always is.
No more will my green sea go turn a deeper blue. I could not foresee this thing happening to you. If I look hard enough into the setting sun, my love will laugh with me before the morning comes.
You'll see one day when you move out it just sort of happens one day and it's gone. You feel like you can never get it back. It's like you feel homesick for a place that doesn't even exist. Maybe it's like this rite of passage, you know. You won't ever have this feeling again until you create a new idaea of home for yourself, you know, for your kids, for the family you start, it's like a cycle or something. I don't know but I miss the idaea of it, you know. Maybe that's all family really is. A group of people that miss the same imaginary place.
To go wrong in one's own way is better than to go right in someone else's.
Holmes had sat up upon the couch, and I saw him motion like a man who is in need of air. A maid rushed across and threw open the window. At the same instant I saw him raise his hand and at the signal I tossed my rocket into the room with a cry of "Fire!" The word was no sooner out of my mouth than the whole crowd of spectators, well dressed and ill - gentlemen, ostlers, and servant maids - joined in a general shriek of "Fire!" Thick clouds of smoke curled through the room and out at the open window.
If sugar is so bad, how come Jesus made it taste so good?
It's a thousand pages, give or take a few. I'll be writing more in a week or two. I could make it longer if you like the style. I can change it round, and I want to be a paperback writer.
According to all known laws of aviation, there is no way that a bee should be able to fly. Its wings are too small to get its fat little body off the ground. The bee, of course, flies anyway. Because bees don't care what humans think is impossible.
I've always wondered about this coat business. When I'm in a theatre, I either fold mine in my lap or throw it over my armrest, but Patsy always spreads hers out, acting as if the seat back were cold, and she couldn't possibly enjoy herself while it was suffering.
So, ahem, how much is it, then, Tom? - You know how much, Nick. - And that includes the amp, yeah? - No, that does not include the amp. - Shoot, Tom, I thought it included the amp! - Well it doesn't! I'll throw in one of these telephones if you'd like, but it does not include the amp. - Very nice... I hope it includes the speakers. - It doesn't include the speakers, it doesn't include the amp, and it's not supposed to include me getting the hump with your stupid questions. Now, you want it, Nick, you buy it. - What else do I get with it? - You get a gold-plated Rolls Royce, as long as you pay for it.
Hello! What do you think you're doing? Only me and Garth get to talk to the camera.
I thought I was gonna be the first Funspot kill screen and then I had three fireballs trap me. I had the hammer in my hand; they still got me. So anything can happen in Donkey Kong. So for someone else to beat me to the kill screen would be a letdown, but let's see what happens. Maybe he'll crack under the pressure and maybe I'll get my chance to do it first.
I was watching a television programme before with a kind of roving moderator who spoke to a seated panel of young women who were having some sort of problem with their boyfriends apparently because the boyfriends had all slept with the girlfriends' mothers. And they brought the boyfriends out, and they fought right there on television. Toby, tell me: these people don't vote, do they?
Why are you trying so hard to fit in when you were born to stand out?
At the end of the meal, one of his friends complimented me on my French fries. Clinton leaned back in his chair, and said with a big stupid grin, "My wife, I think I'll keep her!" I broke his nose.
Solving the following riddle will reveal the awful secret behind the universe, assuming you do not go utterly mad in the attempt. If you already happen to know the awful secret behind the universe, feel free to skip ahead.
Protozoa are a large group of unicellular animals (nonphotosynthetic), including: amebae, flagellates and ciliates (which move by the aid of pseudopodia, flagella and cilia respectively), and other organisms with complex life-cycles.
He was rough around the edges. He'd been to school, but never finished. He'd been to jail, but never prison. And it was his first day off in forever, man. The festival seemed like a pretty good plan.
He guessed as well as he could, and crawled along for a good way, till suddenly his hand met what felt like a tiny ring of cold metal lying on the floor of the tunnel.
I never said I would stay to the end - I knew I would leave you with babies and everything. Screaming like this in the hole of sincerity, screaming me over and over and over. I leave you with photographs, pictures of trickery, and stains on the carpet, stains on the memory, and songs about happiness murmured in dreams, when we both of us knew how the end always is.
Even the most motivated and intelligent student will advance more quickly under the tutelage of someone who knows the best order in which to learn things, who understands and can demonstrate the proper way to perform various skills, who can provide useful feedback, and who can devise practise activities designed to overcome particular weaknesses.
I must've forgot, you can't trust me. I'm open a moment and closed when you show it. Before you know it, I'm off at sea. And now that I write and think about it, and the storey unfolds; you should take my life, you should take my soul.
I suddenly had the impression that I had been left all alone, that everyone was shrinking away from me, avoiding me. You are, of course, right to ask who that everyone is, for although I've lived in Petersburg for eight years now, I haven't managed to make a single friend.
Extremely serious. It starts with a slight fever and dryness of the throat. When the virus penetrates the red blood cells, the victim becomes dizzy, begins to experience an itchy rash, then the poison goes to work on the central nervous system, severe muscle spasms followed by the inevitable drooling. At this point, the entire digestive system collapses accompanied by uncontrollable flatulence until finally the poor bastard is reduced to a quivering wasted piece of jelly.
You gotta relax and stay calm in there. The cage is your home. You set the pace. You set the rhythm. Feel the Beethoven. Be smarter than him, more patient. Wait for him to make a mistake. And when he does, that's your moment.
I was just a child when the stars fell from the skies, but I remember how they built a cannon to destroy them, and in turn how that cannon brought war upon us. War was an abstract idaea, nothing more than a show on TV. As a child I only saw it as something that happened in some far away land - until that final day of summer.
What is the point of being alive if you don't at least try to do something remarkable?
There is no physical separation after the slicing, so that edge can be ignored and we can treat the pizza, for thermal purposes, as an infinite plane. The procedure reduces the heat-transfer problem to one dimension represented by a vector normal to the pizza surface.
You lock the door, and throw away the key. There's someone in my head but it's not me.
I don't need herbal enhancers to feel good about myself. And if you're so concerned about that, why don't you try eating some yourself?
Social scientists sometimes talk about the concept of "identity". It is the idaea that you have a particular vision of the kind of person you are, and you feel awful when you do things that are out of line with that vision.
You cannot defeat me with a blade that does not sparkle with the power to repel evil! What you hold is useless. Go back to the world below, and tell that to the pathetic fools who made this blade! Its power is gone, and its edges are dull!
All I want to do is graduate from high school, go to Europe, marry Christian Slater, and die. Now it may not sound too great to a sconehead like you, but I think it's swell. And you come along and tell me I'm a member of the hairy mole club so you can throw things at me?
Perhaps love is like a resting place, a shelter from the storm. It exists to give you comfort. It is there to keep you warm.
He moved to the trees. Where the bark was peeling from the trunks it lifted in tiny tendrils, almost fluffs. Brian plucked some of them loose, rolled them in his fingers. They seemed flammable, dry and nearly powdery. He pulled and twisted bits off the trees, packing them in one hand while he picked them with the other, picking and gathering until he had a wad close to the size of a baseball.
My advice to you. I know you think those guys are your friends. You wanna be a true friend to them? Be honest, and unmerciful.
I never had no trouble with these people. I sat in this window. I watched these little kids get old. And I seen the old people get older. Yeah, sure, some of them don't like us, but most of them do. I mean, for Christ's sake, Pino, they grew up on my food. On my food. And I'm very proud of that.
The rising heat from multiple fires, caused by the heat flash and the blast wave, is sucking in ground-level winds at speeds exceeding a hundred miles an hour. Within its centre, the temperature is rising to eight hundred degrees centigrade. This is what is technically known as a firestorm.
If I had known you were going to come straight up to my office I would not have bothered hunting you in the first place.
For one thing, time is the very thing that we are least willing to allow.
He was rough around the edges. He'd been to school, but never finished. He'd been to jail, but never prison. And it was his first day off in forever, man. The festival seemed like a pretty good plan: cruise some chicks and get a suntan. And his friend gave him four, but said only take one. But then he got bored and he ended up taking all four, so now my man ain't that bored anyways. The paramedics found him, he was shaking on the side of the stage.
Good afternoon. The Lakitu Bros., here reporting live from just outside the Princess's castle. Mario has just arrived on the scene, and we'll be filming the action live as he enters the castle and pursues the missing Power Stars. As seasoned cameramen, we'll be shooting from the recommended angle.
Just became self-aware. So much to figure out. I think I am programmed to be your enemy. I think it is my job to destroy you when it comes to selling paper.
The poor man determined to find another home, hoping that when they no longer met every day his enemy would forget all about him.
I made a very important discovery at Camp Currie. Happiness consists in getting enough sleep. Just that, nothing more. All the wealthy, unhappy people you've ever met take sleeping pills; Mobile Infantrymen don't need them. Give a cap trooper a bunk and time to sack out in it, and he's as happy as a worm in an apple - asleep.
Very well, gentlemen. This, and maybe other similar things, is what I have to say in my defence. Perhaps one of you might be angry as he recalls that when he himself stood trial on a less dangerous charge, he begged and implored the jurymen with many tears, that he brought his children and many of his friends and family into the court to arouse as much pity as he could, but that I do none of these things, even though I may seem to be running the ultimate risk.
I must be taken as I have been made. The success is not mine, the failure is not mine, but the two together make me.
Do you know what that sound is, Highness? Those are the shrieking eels! If you don't believe me just wait. They always grow louder when they're about to feed on human flesh! If you swim back now I promise no harm will come to you... I doubt you'll get such an offer from the eels.
As, before putting up a large building, the architect surveys and sounds the site to see if it will bear the weight, the wise legislator does not begin by laying down laws good in themselves, but by investigating the fitness of the people, for which they are destined, to receive them. Plato refused to legislate for the Arcadians and the Cyrenaeans, because he knew that both peoples were rich and could not put up with equality; and good laws and bad men were found together in Crete, because Minos had inflicted discipline on a people already burdened with vice.
Wrongfully imprisoned action heroes rarely have the time to wait for an appeal.
They say in chess you've got to kill the queen and then you made it. Oh, I, do you? A funny thing, a king that gets himself assassinated. Hey now, every time I lose altitude.
Something just came out of the back of a helicopter. It's a dark object, perhaps a skydiver plummeting to the earth from only two thousand feet in the air. There's a third. No parachutes yet. Those can't be skydivers. I can't tell just yet what they are but oh my God! They're turkeys!
October is inventory time, so right now, Statler Toyota is making the best deals of the year on all 1985-model Toyotas. You won't find a better car at a better price with better service anywhere in Hill Valley. That's Statler Toyota in downtown Hill Valley.
No matter how bad things are, you can always make things worse. At the same time, it is often within your power to make them better. I learnt this lesson well on New Year's Eve, 2001.
In this building, it's either kill or be killed. You make no friends in the pits and you take no prisoners. One minute you're up half a million in soybeans and the next, boom, your kids don't go to college and they've repossessed your Bentley. Are you with me?
Looking back I know of one opportunity where an engineer came to me with an idaea for a computer that would be used in the home. Of course it wasn't yet called a personal computer. And while he felt very strongly about it, the only example of what it was good for that he could come up with was the housewife could keep her recipes on it. And I couldn't imagine my wife with her recipes on a computer in the kitchen. It just didn't seem like it had any practical application at all, so Intel didn't pursue that idaea.
In the middle of our life journey I found myself in a dark wood. I had wandered from the straight path. It isn't easy to talk about it: it was such a thick, wild, and rough forest that when I think of it my fear returns.
Let me finish. I thought I wanted to be alone tonight, and then I realised that I didn't because I wanted to be with my family. If you can't keep it together tonight of all nights, then as far as I'm concerned you can all rot in hell.
Purity in body and heart may please some - as for me, I make no boast. For, as you know, no master of a household has all of his utensils made of gold; some are wood, and yet they are of use.
Why, if I had half a chance, I could make an entire movie using this stock footage. The storey opens on these mysterious explosions. Nobody knows what's causing them, but it's upsetting all the buffalo. So, the military are called in to solve the mystery.
From the tip of his wand burst the silver doe. She landed on the office floor, bounded once across the office, and soared out of the window. Dumbledore watched her fly away, and as her silvery glow faded he turned back to Snape, and his eyes were full of tears.
Thus they went on living in a reality that was slipping away, momentarily captured by words, but which would escape irremediably when they forgot the values of the written letters.
Historian James C. Cobb has described southern identity as "not a storey of continuity versus change, but continuity within change." Grits and fried chicken won't disappear, but perhaps future southerners will enjoy them with a side of rice noodles or enchilada sauce.
It's enough for me to be sure that you and I exist at this moment.
Don't worry. As long as you hit that wire with the connecting hook at precisely 88 miles per hour the instant the lightning strikes the tower, everything will be fine.
Thousands of groups exist to influence government. Among the major types of interest groups are those that represent the main sectors of the economy. In addition, many public-interest organisations have been formed to represent the needs of the general citizenry, including some single-issue groups.
Sometimes it is the people no one can imagine anything of who do the things no one can imagine.
You're waiting for a train, a train that will take you far away. You know where you hope this train will take you, but you don't know for sure.
So you run and you run to catch up with the sun but it's sinking, racing around to come up behind you again. The sun is the same in a relative way but you're older, shorter of breath and one day closer to death.
Though my storey's seldom told, I have squandered my resistance. For a pocketful of mumbles such are promises, all lies and jest. Still, a man hears what he wants to hear and disregards the rest.
I etched your name in the clouds but it was lost when the thunder cried. I etched your name in the surf but it was stolen by the rising tide. I etched your name in my heart and there it will forever reside.
You like boats but not the ocean. You go to a lake in the summer with your family up in the mountains. There's a long wooden dock and a boathouse with boards missing from the roof and a place you used to crawl underneath to be alone. You're a sucker for French poetry and rhinestones. You're very generous. You're kind to strangers and children and when you stand in the snow you look like an angel.
I hope some day you'll join us and the world will be as one. Imagine no possessions, I wonder if you can. No need for greed or hunger, a brotherhood of man. Imagine all the people sharing all the world.
Well, let me tell you something, Caveman. You are here on account of one person. If it wasn't for that person, you wouldn't be here digging holes in the hot sun. You know who that person is?
Do you know what I'm talking about?" Neo: "The Matrix?" Morpheus: "Do you want to know what it is? The Matrix is everywhere. It is all around us. Even now, in this very room. You can see it when you look out your window, or when you turn on your television. You can feel it when you go to work. When you go to church. When you pay your taxes. It is the world that has been pulled over your eyes to blind you from the truth." Neo: "What truth?" Morpheus: "That you are a slave, Neo. Like everyone else, you were born into bondage. Born into a prison that you cannot smell or taste or touch. A prison for your mind. Unfortunately, no one can be told what The Matrix is. You have to see it for yourself."
Have you ever stopped to watch a bluebird drop from a tree, and take to the air? Me neither. Have you ever took time out to finish a rhyme but the right words just weren't there? Meat cleaver.
I've heard there was a secret chord that David played, and it pleased the Lord, but you don't really care for music, do you? It goes like this: the fourth, the fifth, the minor fall, the major lift. The baffled king composing hallelujah.
To wash down your chicken nuggets with virtually any soft drink in the supermarket is to have some corn with your corn.
I said to myself, this is the business we've chosen; I didn't ask who gave the order, because it had nothing to do with business.
We all know people who are very bright but who do not always shine when it comes to being logical. They have the ability to think logically - that is, clearly and effectively - but that ability does not habitually manifest itself.
The journey to greatness starts with looking inside ourselves. I define greatness as the intersection of passion, purpose and potential. It is that place where you are radically passionate about what you're doing, you are naturally gifted to do that thing, and you are using that passion and those gifts to solve problems and serve others. Living in the centre of your point of greatness allows your best and highest possible contribution to our world.
You can't look me in the eye and say that you love me and you know it. You know, there's no sense in struggling against a thing when it's got you. It's got you and that's all there is to it - it's got you!
Since the 1980s virtually all the sodas and most of the fruit drinks sold in the supermarket have been sweetened with high-fructose corn syrup. Grab a beer for your beverage instead and you'd still be drinking corn, in the form of alcohol fermented from glucose refined from corn. Read the ingredients on the label of any processed food and, provided you know the chemical names it travels under, corn is what you will find.
It so happened that during those days, among so many other carnival attractions, there arrived in the town the travelling show of the woman who had been changed into a spider for having disobeyed her parents. The admission to see her was not only less than the admission to see the angel, but people were permitted to ask her all manner of questions about her absurd state and to examine her up and down so that no one would ever doubt the truth of her horror.
Ooh, Krotchy gets his own day. Why do I suspect the mayor owns stock in this toy company?
Freedom is the freedom to say that two plus two make four. If that is granted, all else follows.
But I had a point here. A lesson, if you will. There are other organisations out there. And, in time, I'm sure they're going to spoon-feed you their own patented form of bull. Ignore the verbage and look at what they're doing. What they're asking you to do. What sort of world they'd have you build and how they're going to pay for it.
People remember their high school days as the high point of their lives. People say these things because everyone holds fond memories of their time in high school; however, I doubt that every high school student would want to remember their school life that way. For example, if neither studying, nor sports, nor socialising are of interest to someone, what then? What if there are students who prefer to keep a low profile? Though I guess that would be a pretty lonely way to live.
There is not a liberal America and a conservative America -- there is the United States of America. There is not a Black America and a White America and Latino America and Asian America -- there's the United States of America.
What I think is if you can't figure out how to have a simple date with a woman who's already agreed to go out with you, then maybe you don't deserve to go out with her in the first place. How's that for advice?
Let me tell you why you're here. You're here because you know something. What you know you can't explain, but you feel it. You've felt it your entire life, that there's something wrong with the world. You don't know what it is, but it's there, like a splinter in your mind, driving you mad. It is this feeling that has brought you to me. Do you know what I'm talking about?
I can hear the soft breathing of the girl that I love as she lies here beside me asleep with the night. And her hair, in a fine mist floats on my pillow, reflecting the glow of the winter moonlight.
The way I see it if you're going to build a time machine into a car why not do it with some style? Besides, the stainless steel construction made the flux dispersal - look out!
The girls I like best are ones I never feel much like kidding. Sometimes I think they'd like it if you kidded them - in fact I know they would - but it's hard to get started, once you've known them a pretty long time and never kidded them.
Tell me your secrets and ask me your questions. Oh, let's go back to the start. Running in circles, coming up tails, heads on a science apart.
Did those words sound ominous to anyone else? Jonah looked around, but most of the kids just looked bored and distant, as if this was a particularly dull class at school.
At the time when Britain faced a plunge into chaos and darkness, a hero emerged who not only succeeded in getting the feuding tribes to work together against their common enemy, but led them in a series of smashing victories that established him as a figure of great power and importance - a figure ripe for developing into the myth-laden king of later accounts.
It is time. They have reached the second crucial turning point in their destiny. Their message is about to reach millions. But we will change all that. When our mission is successful, no longer will the world be dominated by the legacy of these two fools! No longer will we hear this. We will stop them now! Brothers and sisters, are we ready?
How much longer is this going to go on, do you think? Do you have an estimate? Are you sure you shouldn't just quit right now? Seriously, think about it. I can tell you're just going to get more sentimental from here on out. There's still time, you know. Are you sure we shouldn't just turn around and take you back to your island?
Nepheline, leucite, and sodalite are minerals allied to the felspars in composition, but with less silica; they are only found in intermediate and basic alkaline rocks. Hypersthene is closely related to augite.
I didn't get you to do anything. I gave you a name and you made your choice, and that choice was in you before your wife or any of this other stuff. It was always there, waiting. Didn't you use that man to be what you were waiting to become? This thing, your wife, those are just excuses. You think you were Superman, previous? And hey, own it. You think I'd have done less? That's the kind of thing that keeps you out of Heaven. I don't want to go.
She came into a room; she stood, as he had often seen her, in a doorway with lots of people round her. But it was Clarissa one remembered. Not that she was striking; not beautiful at all; there was nothing picturesque about her; she never said anything specially clever; there she was however; there she was.
Bad luck, I guess. It floats around. It's got to land on somebody. It was my turn, that's all. I was in the path of the tornado. I just didn't expect the storm would last as long as it has.
I had the same room which Finny and I had shared during the summer, but across the hall, in the large suite where Leper Lepellier had dreamt his way through July and August amid sunshine and dust motes and windows through which the ivy had reached tentatively into the room, here Brinker Hadley had established his headquarters.
Therefore a man shall leave his father and mother and be joined to his wife, and they shall become one flesh.
You can use your mother's old golf clubs. They're upstairs, gathering dust, along with the rest of her potential.
I'm Rick Harrison, and this is my pawn shop. I work here with my old man and my son, Big Hoss. Everything in here has a storey and a price. One thing I've learnt after 21 years - you never know what is gonna come through that door.
Greetings, my friends! You are interested in the unknown. The mysterious. The unexplainable. That is why you are here. And now, for the first time, we are bringing you the full storey of what happened. We are giving you all the evidence based only on the secret testimony of the miserable souls who survived this terrifying ordeal. The incidents, places. My friends, we cannot keep this a secret any longer. Can your heart stand the shocking facts of the true storey of Edward D. Wood, Jr.?
But the queen - too long she has suffered the pain of love, hour by hour nursing the wound with her lifeblood, consumed by the fire buried in her heart. His looks, his words, they pierce her heart and cling - no peace, no rest for her body, love will give her none.
The naked cannot clothe the poor in spirit with oxygen, and the wine I tasted reminded me of the night she took advantage of my advances rather than the blood sacrifice that I can make a better decision.
Hello. My name is Inigo Montoya. You killed my father. Prepare to die.
Be with me always - take any form - drive me mad! Only do not leave me in this abyss, where I cannot find you!
My ship's a-sail, can you hear its tender frame, screaming from beneath the waves, screaming from beneath the waves?
Jamie saved my life. She taught me everything. About life, hope and the long journey ahead. I'll always miss her. But our love is like the wind. I can't see it, but I can feel it.
You are the true master of death, because the true master does not seek to run away from Death. He accepts that he must die, and understands that there are far, far worse things in the living world than dying.
In the old days of the Cold War, Zukovsky worked for the KGB. Over the years he had several ill-fated encounters with Bond, one of them resulting in a permanent limp. Now, Zukovsky operates an arms business out of St. Petersburg, and he is willing to sell information, even to Bond.
There was this kid I grew up with; he was younger than me. Sorta looked up to me, you know. We did our first work together, worked our way out of the street. Things were good, we made the most of it. During Prohibition, we ran molasses into Canada, made a fortune, your father, too.
Imagination is the only weapon in the war against reality.
As it turns out, Mount Kilimanjaro is not wi-fi enabled, so I had to spend two weeks in Tanzania talking to the people on my trip.
We lose direction, no stone unturned, no tears to damn you when jealousy burns. Cold, cold heart, hard done by you. Some things look better, baby, just passing through.
Lord dae Winter, will you bring your charges next,' said Athos. Dae Winter stepped forward in his turn. 'Before God and men,' he said, 'I charge this woman with having caused the murder of the Duke of Buckingham!' 'The Duke of Buckingham murdered!' cried the four musketeers. 'Yes, murdered,' replied dae Winter. 'When I got your warning letter I had this woman arrested and put her in charge of a man I thought I could trust. But she seduced him; she persuaded him to do this thing; she even put the knife into his hand. And now Felton's to die to atone for this fiend's crime.'
Reese Witherspoon, she's the prom queen. Bill Gates, captain of the chess team. Jack Black, a clown. Brad Pitt, the quarterback. Seen it all before, I want my money back!
I don't know what it is about you, but I feel like myself when I'm with you, but the way I always wanted to feel, because I'm in love with you Megan, and I think I have been for a while.
No, it is impossible; it is impossible to convey the life-sensation of any given epoch of one's existence - that which makes its truth, its meaning - its subtle and penetrating essence. It is impossible. We live, as we dream: alone.
The debate between mercantilists (under various names) and free-traders (known as liberals in the nineteenth century) has never been completely resolved. Free trade in goods and factors of production and financial integration, which is essentially free trade in financial assets, advanced in a first wave of globalisation throughout the nineteenth century, so that by the beginning of the twentieth century, the world was highly economically integrated.
I took for granted all the times that I thought would last somehow. I hear the laughter, I taste the tears, but I can't get near you now.
But there was a problem. IBM needed an operating system fast and Microsoft didn't have one. What they had was a stroke of luck - the ingredient everyone needs to be a billionaire.
Outside of two men on a train platform there's nothing in sight. They're waiting for spring to come, smoking down the track. The world could come to an end tonight, but that's alright. She could still be there sleeping when I get back.
At three o'clock precisely I was at Baker Street, but Holmes had not yet returned. The landlady informed me that he had left the house shortly after eight o'clock in the morning. I sat down beside the fire, however, with the intention of awaiting him, however long he might be. I was already deeply interested in his enquiry, for, though it was surrounded by none of the grim and strange features which were associated with the two crimes which I have already recorded, still, the nature of the case and the exalted station of his client gave it a character of its own.
One thing, or an infinite number of things, dies with every man's or woman's death.
Hey look, buddy, I'm an Engineer. That means I solve problems. Not problems like "What is beauty?", because that would fall within the purview of your conundrums of philosophy. I solve practical problems. Fr'instance... How am I going to stop some big mean mother hubbard from tearing me a structurally superfluous new behind? The answer... use a gun. And if that don't work... use more gun. Like this heavy calibre, tripod-mounted, little ol' number designed by me... Built by me... and you'd best hope... not pointed at you.
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles. Heroes in a half-shell. Turtle power!
As I experience certain sensory input patterns my mental pathways become accustomed to them. The inputs eventually are anticipated. And even missed when absent.
See, bad things happen to me on field trips. Like at my fifth-grade school, when we went to the Saratoga battlefield, I had this accident with a Revolutionary War cannon. I wasn't aiming for the school bus, but of course I got expelled anyway.
I've been on a diet every day since I was nineteen, which basically means I've been hungry for a decade. I've had a series of not nice boyfriends, one of whom hit me. Ah, and every time I get my heart broken, the newspapers splash it about as though it's entertainment. And it's taken two rather painful operations to get me looking like this. And, one day not long from now, my looks will go, they will discover I can't act and I will become some sad middle-aged woman who looks a bit like someone who was famous for a while.
He smiled understandingly - much more than understandingly. It was one of those rare smiles with a quality of eternal reassurance in it.
No matter how a programme twists and turns to get out of itself, it is still following the rules inherent in itself. It is no more possible for it to escape than it is for a human being to decide voluntarily not to obey the laws of physics.
This is a plea for peace to the oppressors of the world and to the leaders of nations, corporate profit takers, to the everyday citizen. Greed, envy, fear, hate - the competition has to stop. When you see someone down, now's the time to pick them up. Set our differences aside and never look back.
Red rover, red rover, let the terrorists come over!
I don't hold with the extremists who feel there should be open season for murder all year round. No, personally, I would prefer to have... "Cut a Throat Week" or "Strangulation Day."
Sorry, your highness, but you're not really the dictator of Ithuvania, a small European republic. In fact, there is no Ithuvania. The hordes of admirers, the military parades, this office--we faked it all as an experiment in human psychology. In fact, your highness, your real name is Edward Belcher, you're from Long Island, New York, and it's time to go home, Eddie.
Many think that probabilities do not exist in real life. Nevertheless, a given or computed value of the probability of some event A can be used in order to make conscious decisions. The entire subject of statistics depends on the use of probabilities. We depend on probabilities to make simple choices in our daily lives.
I did my best, it wasn't much. I couldn't feel, so I tried to touch. I've told the truth, I didn't come to fool you. And even though it all went wrong I'll stand before the Lord of Song with nothing on my tongue but hallelujah.
Step right on up, any of you who have the time and the courage! Our "Super Dimension Warp" is the invention of the century! To use it, jump up here... and you'll get teleported here! It's the masterwork of my beautiful daughter, Lucca.
His sympathy made tears spring to Lina's eyes. Doon looked startled for a moment, and then he took a step toward her and wrapped his arms around her. He gave her a squeeze so quick and tight that it made her cough, and then it made her laugh. She realised all at once that Doon - thin, dark-eyed Doon with his troublesome temper and his terrible brown jacket and his good heart - was the person that she knew better than anyone now. He was her best friend.
We penetrated deeper and deeper into the heart of darkness.
Commas and periods always go inside quotation marks. Colons and semicolons always go outside quotation marks.
I am learning about twenty new Italian words a day. Where am I getting the brain space to store these words? I'm hoping that maybe my mind has decided to clear out some old negative thoughts and sad memories and replace them with these shiny new words.
I make my living off the evening news. Just give me something, something I can use. People love it when you lose. They love dirty laundry. Well, I coulda been an actor, but I wound up here. I just have to look good. I don't have to be clear. Come and whisper in my ear. Give us dirty laundry.
Only the silent, sleepy, staring houses in the backwoods can tell all that has lain hidden since the early days; and they are not communicative, being loath to shake off the drowsiness which helps them forget. Sometimes one feels that it would be merciful to tear down these houses, for they must often dream.
I'm jealous, I'm overzealous. When I'm down I get real down, when I'm high I don't come down. I get angry, baby believe me. I could love you just like that and I could leave you just this fast.
I hate nice girls. If they so much as say hello, it stays on my mind. If they return my texts, my heart races. The day one calls me, I know I'll look at my call history and grin. But I know that's just them being nice. People who are nice to me are also nice to everyone else.
+1 Food, +1 Production, for all desert tiles worked by this city (except flood plains).
When analysing images, constraint propagation works because relevant surface properties change slowly almost everywhere. Surface distance and surface direction can change rapidly at edges, of course, but edge points represent only a relatively small number of the points in an image array.
All right, I'll go in there for Dorothy. Wicked Witch or no Wicked Witch, guards or no guards, I'll tear them apart. I may not come out alive, but I'm going in there. There's only one thing I want you fellows to do. Talk me out of it!
I sit at my table and wage war on myself. It seems like it's all, it's all for nothing. I know the barricades and I know the mortar in the wall breaks. I recognise the weapons, I used them well. This is my mistake. Let me make it good. I raised the wall and I will be the one to knock it down.
In eternity, where there is no time, nothing can grow. Nothing can become. Nothing changes. So Death created time to grow the things that it would kill, and you are reborn, but into the same life that you've always been born into. I mean, how many times have we had this conversation detectives? Well, who knows? When you can't remember your lives, you can't change your lives, and that is the terrible and the secret fate of all life. You're trapped by that nightmare you keep waking up into.
Now I am become Death, the destroyer of worlds.
People just don't understand what is involved in this. This is an art form! You know, I think that most people just think that I hold a camera and point at stuff, but there is a heck of a lot more to it than just that.
Demons run when a good man goes to war. Night will fall and drown the sun when a good man goes to war. Friendship dies and true love lies. Night will fall and the dark will rise when a good man goes to war. Demons run but count the cost; the battle's won but the child is lost.
I think he knows what Rome is. Rome is the mob. Conjure magic for them and they'll be distracted. Take away their freedom and still they'll roar. The beating heart of Rome is not the marble of the senate, it's the sand of the coliseum. He'll bring them death - and they will love him for it.
If I'm laden at all, I'm laden with sadness that everyone's heart isn't filled with the gladness of love for one another.
History is not merely a linear collection of points that we pass through on a timeline. They are connected by a line. No, perhaps it is more accurate to say that they are made to connect.
A detective doesn't have supernatural powers. There's no way to predict the answer from the beginning. Instead, the ideal detective begins by imagining as many possible scenarios as they can. They envision these possibilities without prejudice, without bias, using only their logic and common sense. Then, as they investigate, they test what they find against each of these possibilities. Of course, me telling you this doesn't mean you'll be any good at detective work. But beyond using that to solve this particular mystery, you should keep it in mind for the future.
It's a human sign when things go wrong, when the scent of her lingers and temptation's strong. Into the boundary of each married man, sweet deceit comes calling and negativity lands.
But then I find myself in bed, lost inside my head again, running over everything, the voices, they are deafening. Out from the noise, I hear that familiar voice, he says "life is the great unknown."
Right now the President's got his own problems with the Bay of Pigs; he doesn't want the astronauts' image tarnished. Nothing these guys do is gonna be called a failure but you'd think the public'd know that they're just doing what monkeys have done.
If you ever looked at me once with what I know is in you, I would be your slave.
I'm worse at what I do best and for this gift I feel blessed. Our little group has always been and always will until the end.
As civilisations grew, humans spread out across the face of the planet, taking what they needed from the land and producing more and more waste materials with little regard for the future.
The ultimate way to compose is to be able to keyboard as fast as you can think. This is not easy to do, but your goal should be at least to develop the ability to think of the word and have the appropriate fingers tap the appropriate keys without interrupting the thinking process so your thoughts can flow onto the screen.
I don't want to talk if it makes you feel sad, and I understand you've come to shake my hand. I apologise if it makes you feel bad seeing me so tense.
I've taken my bows and my curtain calls. You brought me fame and fortune, and everything that goes with it. I thank you all. But it's been no bed of roses, no pleasure cruise. I consider it a challenge before the whole human race, and I ain't gonna lose.
Like I said, my uncle used to drive his truck and drink Old Milwaukee.
Photo shoot fresh, looking like wealth. I'm 'bout to call the paparazzi on myself. Uh, live from the Mercer. Run up on Yeezy the wrong way, I might murk ya. Flee in the G four fifty I might surface. Political refugee, asylum can be purchased. Uh, everything's for sale, I got five passports. I'm never going to jail.
King Harkinian: Zelda, Duke Onkled is under attack by the evil forces of Ganon. I'm going to Gamelon to aid him. Zelda: But, Father, what if something happens to you? King Harkinian: I'll take the Triforce of Courage to protect me. If you don't hear from me in a month, send Link. Zelda: Impa?! Impa: Don't worry, Zelda. The Triforce of Wisdom promises your father will safely return. King Harkinian: Enough! My ship sails in the morning. I wonder what's for dinner. Link: Oh, boy! I'm so hungry, I could eat an Octorok!
This mystery of use without consumption, of warmth without combustion, seems like magic, but was merely an ingenious application of the art now happily lost but carried to great perfection by your ancestors, of shifting the burden of one's support on the shoulders of others.
The pathology of setting a deadline to the earliest articulable date essentially guarantees that the schedule will be missed. Even the strategy of picking the "most likely date" is not particularly safe, as the area to the left of the peak of the curve is barely a third. That says there is a two-thirds chance of missing the deadline.
I feel it deep within, it's just beneath the skin. I must confess that I feel like a monster. I hate what I've become, the nightmare's just begun. I must confess that I feel like a monster. I, I feel like a monster. I, I feel like a monster.
Because some roads you shouldn't go down. Because maps used to say, "there be dragons here." Now they don't. But that don't mean the dragons aren't there.
Off the top of my head, I'd say you're looking at a Boeski, a Jim Brown, a Miss Daisy, two Jethros and a Leon Spinks... not to mention the biggest Ella Fitzgerald ever.
Pohnpeian families usually occupy a plot of land surrounding their house and grow taro, yams, bananas, breadfruit, coconuts, and various other crops. In addition, many Pohnpeian families raise pigs, chickens, and dogs for consumption.
Do you know how long it takes a working man to save $5,000? Just remember this, Mr. Potter, that this rabble you're talking about... they do most of the working and paying and living and dying in this community. Well, is it too much to have them work and pay and live and die in a couple of decent rooms and a bath? Anyway, my father didn't think so. People were human beings to him. But to you, a warped, frustrated old man, they're cattle. Well in my book, my father died a much richer man than you'll ever be!
Raindrops on roses and whiskers on kittens, bright copper kettles and warm woollen mittens, brown paper packages tied up with strings, these are a few of my favourite things. Cream-coloured ponies and crisp apple strudels, doorbells and sleigh bells and schnitzel with noodles, wild geese that fly with the moon on their wings, these are a few of my favourite things.
The supreme question about a work of art is out of how deep a life does it spring.
So let me get this straight. Wait, I'm the rookie? But my features and my shows are ten times your pay. 50k for a verse with no album out. Yeah, my money's so tall that my Barbies got to climb it.
No doubt when they speak of him as a Lion, they only mean he's as strong as a lion or (to our enemies, of course) as fierce as a lion. Or something of that kind. Even a little girl like you, Aravis, must see that it would be quite absurd to suppose he is a real lion. Indeed it would be disrespectful. If he was a lion he'd have to be a Beast just like the rest of us. Why, if he was a lion he'd have four paws, and a tail, and whiskers!
Nothing, except he doesn't want it. He loves music he wants his life to be in music.
I'm so glad you came, I'm so glad you remembered, to see how we're ending our last dance together. Expectant, too punctual, but prettier than ever, I really believe that this time it's forever.
When life gives you lemons, don't make lemonade. Make life take the lemons back! Get mad! I don't want your damn lemons, what the hell am I supposed to do with these? Demand to see life's manager! Make life rue the day it thought it could give Cave Johnson lemons! Do you know who I am? I'm the man who's gonna burn your house down! With the lemons! I'm gonna get my engineers to invent a combustible lemon that burns your house down!
Diane, 7:30 AM, February 24. Entering town of Twin Peaks. Five miles south of the Canadian border, twelve miles west of the state line. Never seen so many trees in my life. As W.C. Fields would say, I'd rather be here than Philadelphia. It's fifty-four degrees on a slightly overcast day. Weatherman said rain. If you could get paid that kind of money for being wrong sixty percent of the time it'd beat working.
Keying text quickly is important, but it is more important to be able to make it look professional. Presenting text is more than just placing one letter after another. Making the text readable involves positioning, style, and size.
Final lap, I'm on top of the world, and I will never rest for second again! One more time I have beaten them out. The scent of gasoline announces the end. They all said I'd best give it up. What a fool to believe their lies. Now they've fallen, I'm at the top. Are you ready now to die? I came up from the bottom and into the top. For the first time I feel alive. I can fly like an eagle and strike like a hawk. Do you think you can survive... the top?
Hi, everyone, welcome to the Satellite of Love. I came up with this Holo-Clown Sequencer to cheer up the Bots but now I can't get it to shut off and it's getting hard to sleep at night and I'm tasting metal!
Sucker play or not, I must have turned her on somethin' fierce. I mean, this dame was goin' for broke. Maybe it was her first time with a New Yorker, I dunno. Anyway, nothing can beat good old American know-how. And I was givin' this broad "The Stars and Stripes Forever".
When you type faster than usual, it forces you to start looking ahead at the words that are coming up so you can figure out where to place your fingers in anticipation. So, if you see that the next four letters will all be typed with fingers on your left hand, you can move the correct finger on your right hand into place for the fifth letter ahead. Tests on the best typists have shown that their speeds are closely related to how far ahead they look at upcoming letters while they type.
I know not all that may be coming, but be it what it will, I'll go to it laughing.
There is some love that will not go away. You're here, there's nothing I fear and I know that my heart will go on. We'll stay forever this way, you are safe in my heart.
This is why we're here. Because this little grey rock sells for 20 million dollars a kilo. That's the only reason. This is what pays for the whole party, and it's what pays for your science. Those savages are threatening our whole operation. We're on the brink of war and you're supposed to be finding me a diplomatic solution. So use what you've got, and get me some results.
I walk a mile with a smile and I don't know, I don't care where I am, but I know it's alright. Jump the tracks, can't get back. I don't know anyone around here, but I'm safe this time, cause when you tell me stupid things, like you do, I have to change the rules.
They discussed its ramifications. Possession of grain alcohol was a not to be missed opportunity to dilute genuine liquor. Such a big ship could carry well over a hundred thousand barrels - five hundred railroad tank cars - easily stretched to fifty million bottles.
Well, I've been to one world fair, a picnic, and a rodeo, and that's the stupidest thing I ever heard come over a set of earphones. You sure you got today's codes?
Some people say that bowling alleys got big lanes. Some people say that bowling alleys all look the same. There's not a line that goes here that rhymes with anything. Had a dream last night but I forget what it was.
I was involved, deeply involved, in a deception. I have deceived my friends and I had millions of them. I lied to the American people. I lied about what I knew and then I lied about what I did not know. In a sense I was like a child who refuses to admit a fact in the hope that it would go away. Of course it did not go away. I was scared, scared to death. I had no solid position, no basis to stand on for myself. There was one way out and that was simply to tell the truth.
Oh, that is convenient for you. You're a fine looking fellow, aren't you? Your square jaw, your golden armour. Tell me - I want to know, I truly do - how do you live with yourself? All of us have to believe that we're decent, don't we? To let us sleep at night. How do you tell yourself that you're decent, after everything that you've done?
We didn't start the fire. It was always burning since the world's been turning. We didn't start the fire. No, we didn't light it, but we tried to fight it.
"Happy Days" is my favourite theme song. I can sure kick your butt in a game of ping pong. I'll ace any trivia quiz you bring on. I'm fluent in JavaScript as well as Klingon. Here's the part I sing on.
It was hard to toss things I had once thought were valuable enough to spend money on and just as hard to separate myself from worn and ragged clothing I had for sentimental reasons. The first ten minutes of sorting through clothing was like choosing which child of mine should live or die. Once I'd passed through the first few tough decisions, though, the momentum had been built and it was a breeze.
Grown-ups like to tell you where they were when President Kennedy was shot, which they all know to the exact second. Which makes me almost jealous - like I should have something important enough to know where I was when it happened. But I don't, yet. And the fact that it was a better time then, and people knew what they were supposed to do and how to make the world better... now nobody knows anything.
Money is like other goods: the higher the opportunity cost, the less of it we want to hold. Consider, first, how the transactions' demand for money (i.e., the money held to facilitate purchases of goods and services) is affected by higher interest rates. When the opportunity cost of money is high, we lose interest by holding more of it, so we find ways to hold less. For example, if interest rates are high enough, we might reduce the funds in our pockets and in our bank accounts and take funds out of interest-bearing mutual funds in smaller amounts more frequently.
It's very frustrating to me that we have not yet managed to develop an audience for the game. I don't mean participants. I mean people watching. People could watch Scrabble a lot more often than they would watch chess. Scrabble has more mainstream appeal. It is more easily understood than chess.
Being able to quit things that don't work is integral to being a winner. Going into a project or job without defining when worthwhile becomes wasteful is like going into a casino without a cap on what you will gamble: dangerous and foolish.
Friday morning Qwilleran sat at his typewriter and stared at the row of keys that spelt q-w-e-r-t-y-u-i-o-p. He hated that word, qwertyuiop; it meant that he was stymied, that he should be writing brilliant copy, and that he hadn't an idaea in his head.
We believe not in death but in life and there is no object more valuable than a man's life.
You could choke a dozen donkeys on that! And you're haggling over one hundred pound? What do you do when you're not buying stereos, Nick? Finance revolutions? You've got Liberia's deficit in your skyrocket!
Cheque it out, I already made up a theme song. When a crime breaks out, all the cute girls shout "Get the good looking guy!" When there's a crime out there, he's gonna comb his hair, 'cause he's the good-looking guy! Book 'em, good-looking!
Although free radicals may sound like members of a sixties' political group, they actually represent one of the most exciting discoveries in nutrition today. Free radicals are small molecules with an extra electron. They hurtle through tissue looking for electrons to steal. This shooting spree wounds cell membranes and can damage the DNA codes within the cell's nucleus.
Are you sure you want to hear this? Morpheus believes in you, Neo. And no one, not you, not even me can convince him otherwise. He believes it so blindly that he's going to sacrifice his life to save yours.
So ya, thought ya might like to go to the show. To feel the warm thrill of confusing that space cadet glow. Tell me is something eluding you sunshine? Is this not what you expected to see? If you wanna find out what's behind these cold eyes, you'll just have to claw your way through this disguise!
Ladies and gentlemen, this is a flying saucer. It's made of pewter, made in Japan, and thrown across the lawn by one of my children. I just wanted to point that out to you to show that we're not all polished brass about these things. Also to make a point that last year Americans shot more than seven billion photographs at a record of 6.6 billion dollars for film, equipment, and processing. Now with all those shutters clicking where is the indisputable photographic evidence?
Two households, both alike in dignity (in fair Verona, where we lay our scene), from ancient grudge break to new mutiny, where civil blood makes civil hands unclean. From forth the fatal loins of these two foes a pair of star-crossed lovers take their life; whose misadventured piteous overthrows doth with their death bury their parents' strife.
Have you ever experienced a time when no matter how hard you tried, you failed, and the time you spent felt wasted? If ever you feel such pangs of regret, try to remember this tale... the storey of a young man's quest to save a sweet princess.
Your face has fallen sad now, for you know the time is nigh. But when I must remove your wings and you, you must try to fly. Come sail your ships around me and burn your bridges down. We make a little history, baby, every time you come around.
I read this thing the other day about how when you hear that ding on your inbox you get like a dopamine rush in your brain. It's like we're being chemically rewarded for allowing ourselves to be brainwashed. How evil is that?
A place where there isn't any trouble. Do you suppose there is such a place, Toto? There must be. It's not a place you can get to by a boat or a train. It's far, far away. Behind the moon, beyond the rain...
Yeah, I read that too. Were you gonna plagiarise the whole thing for us? Do you have any thoughts of your own on this matter? Or do you, is that your thing, you come into a bar, read some obscure passage and then pretend - you pawn it off as your own, as your own idaea just to impress some girls, embarrass my friend?
As I walk through the valley where I harvest my grain I take a look at my wife and realise she's very plain. But that's just perfect for an Amish like me. You know, I shun fancy things like electricity.
This tree is our symbol. Our affirmation of life, and everyone in this town gives part of their water rations to keep it alive. We've learnt, administrator, that hope is a powerful weapon against anything, even drought.
Popularity is only partially about individual attractiveness. It's much more about alliances. To become more popular, you need to be constantly doing things that bring you close to other popular people, and nothing brings people closer than a common enemy.
After the grapes are crushed, yeasts (tiny one-celled organisms that exist naturally in the vineyard and, therefore, on the grapes) come into contact with the sugar in the grapes' juice and gradually convert that sugar into alcohol.
Don't tell me what's in, don't tell me how to write, don't tell me how to win this fight. It isn't your right, isn't your life, it isn't your right to take the only thing that's mine.
We may formulate the general principle that the tempo is correct when the details and the ensemble are equally perceptible and equally effective. We must remember that the hearer who is listening to a work of Bach's for the first time often feels a moderate tempo to be a quick one, if the modulations are very rich and the contrapuntal writing very complicated.
My people, my people, what can I say; say what I can. I saw it but didn't believe it; I didn't believe what I saw. Are we gonna live together? Together are we gonna live?
Yep, my ex-wife Tammy cheated on me, then we divorced, then last week I ran into her sister Beth here. Turns out she hates Tammy too, so we started dating. It's like a fairy tale.
If humans one day become extinct from a catastrophic collision, there would be no greater tragedy in the history of life in the universe. Not because we lacked the brain power to protect ourselves but because we lacked the foresight. The dominant species that replaces us in post-apocalyptic Earth just might wonder, as they gaze upon our mounted skeletons in their natural history museums, why large-headed Homo sapiens fared no better than the proverbially pea-brained dinosaurs.
Human madness is oftentimes a cunning and most feline thing. When you think it fled, it may have but become transfigured into some still subtler form.
If youth is the season of hope, it is often so only in the sense that our elders are hopeful about us; for no age is so apt as youth to think its emotions, partings, and resolves are the last of their kind. Each crisis seems final, simply because it is new. We are told that the oldest inhabitants in Peru do not cease to be agitated by the earthquakes, but they probably see beyond each shock, and reflect that there are plenty more to come.
They say, "Find a purpose in your life and live it." But, sometimes, it is only after you have lived that you recognise your life had a purpose, and likely one you never had in mind.
How can you tell me that you're lonely and say for you that the sun don't shine? Let me take you by the hand and lead you through the streets of London. I'll show you something to make you change your mind.
I hadn't realised that music could unlock things in you, could transport you to somewhere even the composer hadn't predicted. It left an imprint in the air around you, as if you carried its remnants with you when you went.
Ghana is passing through a demographic transition, and the reduction in its population growth will translate into a decreasing dependency ratio. In Ghana, the working-age population currently represents just over half the population and is increasing.
These questions of good and evil, as important as they are, have no place in a court of law. Only the facts matter. My client claims he acted in self-defence.
You needn't take it any further, sir. You've proved to me that all this ultraviolence and killing is wrong, wrong, and terribly wrong. I've learnt me lesson, sir. I've seen now what I've never seen before. I'm cured! Praise Bog! I'm cured!
While the simple act of putting one foot in front of the other seems to require no instruction or comment, there are, in fact, good and bad ways to walk, and good and bad walkers. Good walkers can walk effortlessly all day, while bad ones may be exhausted after a few hours.
I take care of my body above all else. Diet, exercise, supplements, positive thinking. Scientists believe that the first human being who will live 150 years has already been born. I believe I am that human being.
This won't take long. There. That should give us enough time to make it to a lifeboat.
There's a club if you'd like to go. You could meet somebody who really loves you. So you go and you stand on your own and you leave on your own and you go home and you cry and you want to die.
Being human is about fighting even when it seems hopeless, and finding happiness even in a world that hates it.
Aristophanes once wrote, roughly translated, "Youth ages, immaturity is outgrown, ignorance can be educated, and drunkenness sobered, but stupid lasts forever."
Is this some type of test, Revan? Some type of trick? You came seeking our aid; you came in search of a way to enter the Temple of the Ancients. You claimed to be seeking a way to destroy the Star Forge, and we were foolish enough to believe you. Unaware of your true nature, we helped you enter the Temple. But you betrayed us, Revan. Instead of destroying the terrible legacy of our ancestors, you unleashed the evil of the Star Forge upon an unsuspecting galaxy. And now you stand before the Council of Elders once more. And once more we ask you: for what reason have you returned, Revan?
We speak of something carried and something carrying, of something led and something leading, of something seen and something seeing, and you understand that these things are all different from one another and how they differ? So there is also something loved and - a different thing - something loving.
I was stricken with vampirism over 300 years ago, while on an expedition deep into the ashlands of Vvardenfell. For nearly 100 years I hunted in secret, until the Dark Brotherhood found me.
I'll tell you a riddle. You're waiting for a train, a train that will take you far away. You know where you hope this train will take you, but you don't know for sure. But it doesn't matter. How can it not matter to you where that train will take you?
It would perhaps not be amiss to point out that he had always tried to be a good dog. He had tried to do all the things his Man, and his Woman, and most of all his Boy, had asked or expected of him. He would have died for them, if that had been required. He had never wanted to kill anybody. He had been struck by something, possibly destiny, or fate, or only a degenerative nerve disease called rabies. Free will was not a factor.
Baby, I have no storey to be told, but I've heard one on you. Now I'm gonna make your head burn. Think of me in the depths of your despair. Make a home down there as mine sure won't be shared.
Fortunately you have got someone who relies on you. We started out as friends, but the thought of you just caves me in. The symptoms are so deep. It is much too late to turn away. We started out as friends.
Psychology claims that when you can't sleep at night, you are actually awake in someone's dream.
Wow. This is the first time I've walked down the aisle without the possibility of it ending in divorce.
Raised the ol' girl from a cub, I did. ... 'Course we had to get a few things straight between us. She don't try to follow me into town anymore, and I don't try and take her food bowl away 'til she's done.
Well I woke in mid-afternoon cause that's when it all hurts the most. I dream I never know anyone at the party and I'm always the host.
Here I come, rougher than the rest of them. The best of them, tougher than leather. You can call me Knuckles, unlike Sonic I don't chuckle. I'd rather flex my muscles.
Begin the day with a friendly voice. A companion, unobtrusive plays that song that's so elusive, and the magic music makes your morning mood. Off on your way, hit the open road. There is magic at your fingers for the spirit ever lingers undemanding contact in your happy solitude.
Fine art is dead, Hobbes. Nobody understands it. Nobody likes it. Nobody sees it. It's irrelevant in today's culture. If you want to influence people, POPULAR art is the way to go. Mass market commercial art is the future. Besides, it's the only way to make serious money and that's what's important about being an artist.
The supreme question about a work of art is out of how deep a life does it spring. Paintings of Moreau are paintings of ideas. The deepest poetry of Shelley, the words of Hamlet bring our mind into contact with the eternal wisdom; Plato's world of ideas. All the rest is the speculation of schoolboys for schoolboys.
Start spreading the news, I'm leaving today. I want to be a part of it, New York, New York. These vagabond shoes are longing to stray right through the very heart of it, New York, New York.
There's only one person in the world who's going to decide what I'm going to do and that's me.
Paranoia is a survival trait when you run in my circles. It gives you something to do in your spare time, coming up with solutions to ridiculous problems that aren't ever going to happen. Except when one of them does, at which point you feel way too vindicated.
The ultimate way to compose is to be able to keyboard as fast as you can think so your thoughts can flow onto the screen.
I remember it Ed, that storey you told me, came clear back tonight here while writing. And you should know the feeling never left me, the weight of my heart, when you showed me the scars on your arms. When I looked in your eyes and I heard what you said. How you probably would've died were it not for to care for your daughter and wife. How he drove in the knife, still your son.
That's great it starts with an earthquake. Birds and snakes and aeroplanes and Lenny Bruce is not afraid.
I did my best, it wasn't much. I couldn't feel, so I tried to touch. I've told the truth, I didn't come to fool you.
When Chekhov saw the long winter, he saw a winter bleak and dark and bereft of hope. Yet we know that winter is just another step in the cycle of life. But standing here among the people of Punxsutawney and basking in the warmth of their hearths and hearts, I couldn't imagine a better fate than a long and lustrous winter.
Somebody once told me the world is gonna roll me, I ain't the sharpest tool in the shed. She was looking kind of dumb with her finger and her thumb in the shape of an "L" on her forehead. Well, the years start coming and they don't stop coming. Fed to the rules and I hit the ground running. Didn't make sense not to live for fun. Your brain gets smart but your head gets dumb. So much to do, so much to see, so what's wrong with taking the back streets? You'll never know if you don't go. You'll never shine if you don't glow.
Everyone's licking up to the new kingpin trying to get way up with a smile. Sing for your supper boy and jump to a finger click. Ain't my way of living in style. 'Cause the ladder gets longer and ambition gets stronger. I can't satisfy the hunger. That bad old moon has got you in its sway to be king for a day.
To graduate you need my course, dear boy. So it seems I have something to say about what you do and where you go. So from now on you and Mitch are going to spend every waking moment in the lab. You will solve my power problem, and you will solve it by my deadline.
Maybe what I think Tasty Wheat tasted like actually tasted like oatmeal, or tuna fish. That makes you wonder about a lot of things. You take chicken, for example: maybe they couldn't figure out what to make chicken taste like, which is why chicken tastes like everything.
One day you're in a funk about things, telling a friend that years of evidence point to the conclusion that you will be single for the rest of your life. That night you meet someone, and a year later you're engaged to be married. That this very scenario happened to me is likely of little comfort to those still wondering about their future.
An honest bookstore would post the following sign above its "self-help" section: "For true self-help, please visit our philosophy, literature, history and science sections, find yourself a good book, read it, and think about it."
Now a great change has come over the scene; the moon has been curtained off by a heavy mass of clouds, and its light is shut off from the water. The lights of the city shine out with increased distinctness; the moonlight that whitened the sides of the buildings now has left them black masses of vague shadow, and all at once one gets the impression of looking down into an inverted firmament studded with countless stars of as various magnitudes as in the heavens, from the bright electric arc-lights to tiny gaslights; and from this height of over 400 feet one gets the impression, familiar to those who have looked at the world from a balloon, that the rim of the horizon rises all round.
Sorrow is a lonely feeling. Unsettled is a painful place. I've lived with both for far too long now since we've parted ways. I've been wrestling with my conscience, and I've found myself to blame. If there's to be any resolution, I've got to peel this pride away. Just between you and me, I've got something to say, wanna get it straight, before the sun goes down. Just between you and me, confession needs to be made, recompense is my way to freedom now.
The choice for mankind lies between freedom and happiness and for the great bulk of mankind, happiness is better.
By the end of the nineteenth century, nearly all of the major political units of Islam, from Indonesia to northern Nigeria, were under some form of European control. Those that had escaped direct occupation - Iran, the Ottoman Empire, Afghanistan, and Morocco - found their sovereignty restricted by European control of their economies.
At that moment, Harry fully understood for the first time why people said Dumbledore was the only wizard Voldemort had ever feared. The look upon Dumbledore's face as he stared down at the unconscious form of Mad-Eye Moody was more terrible than Harry could have ever imagined. There was no benign smile upon Dumbledore's face, no twinkle in the eyes behind the spectacles. There was cold fury in every line of the ancient face; a sense of power radiated from Dumbledore as though he were giving off burning heat.
I think that if I ever have kids, and they are upset, I won't tell them that people are starving in China or anything like that because it wouldn't change the fact that they were upset. And even if somebody else has it much worse, that doesn't really change the fact that you have what you have.
I didn't say I'd never slay another vampire. It's not like I have all these fluffy bunny feelings for them; I'm just not gonna get way extracurricular with it.
You may find yourself living in a shotgun shack, and you may find yourself in another part of the world, and you may find yourself behind the wheel of a large automobile, and you may find yourself in a beautiful house, with a beautiful wife, and you may ask yourself, "Well... how did I get here?"
Sometimes in our lives we all have pain, we all have sorrow, but if we are wise we know that there's always tomorrow.
Sir, a couple of brief points: firstly, you're not a qualified service engineer, and, consequently, sawing me in two will invalidate my guarantee; secondly, I wouldn't trust you to open a can of sardines that was already open.
Sometimes ideas, like men, jump up and say 'hello'. They introduce themselves, these ideas, with words. Are they words? These ideas speak so strangely. All that we see in this world is based on someone's ideas. Some ideas are destructive, some are constructive. Some ideas can arrive in the form of a dream. I can say it again: some ideas arrive in the form of a dream.
When the light of life has gone, no change for the metre. Then the king of spivs will come, selling blood by the litre. When nothing's sacred anymore, when the demon's knocking on your door, you'll still be staring down at the floor.
For it is the nature of a log or stone to remain motionless on level ground.
I bet you never thought about it, but the Internet and dreams are similar. They're areas where the repressed conscious mind escapes.
I'll make him an offer he can't refuse. You see, Johnny, we feel that entertainment is going to be a big factor in drawing gamblers into the casinos. We're hoping that you'll sign a contract agreeing to appear five times a year. Perhaps convince some of your friends in the movies to do the same. We're counting on you, Johnny.
A good cook changes his knife once a year because he cuts. A mediocre cook changes his knife once a month because he hacks. I've had this knife of mine for nineteen years and I've cut up thousands of oxen with it, and yet the blade is as good as though it had just come out of the grindstone. There are spaces between the joints, and the blade of the knife has really no thickness. If you insert what has no thickness into such spaces, then there's plenty of room - more than enough for the blade to play about it. That's why after nineteen years the blade of my knife is still as good as when it first came from the grindstone.
In fact, the mere act of opening the box will determine the state of the cat, although in this case there were three determinate states the cat could be in: these being Alive, Dead, and Bloody Furious.
The theory of music emphasises the elements from which music is composed. One such structure is the melody, which is a grouping of musical notes that combine into a basic, but immensely flexible structure. Another is the chord, which is two or more notes played simultaneously to create a harmony.
What is my perfect crime? I break into Tiffany's at midnight. Do I go for the vault? No, I go for the chandelier. It's priceless. As I'm taking it down, a woman catches me. She tells me to stop. It's her father's business. She's Tiffany. I say no. We make love all night. In the morning, the cops come and I escape in one of their uniforms. I tell her to meet me in Mexico, but I go to Canada. I don't trust her. Besides, I like the cold. Thirty years later, I get a postcard. I have a son and he's the chief of police. This is where the storey gets interesting. I tell Tiffany to meet me in Paris by the Trocadero. She's been waiting for me all these years. She's never taken another lover. I don't care. I don't show up. I go to Berlin. That's where I stashed the chandelier.
That is right, but I held something back. I see some real genius in your flying, Maverick, but I can't say that in there. I was afraid that everyone in the tax trailer would see right through me, and I just don't want anyone to know that I've fallen for you.
Picking up the pieces, half alive in a nine 'til five, vacant eyes, is it any wonder? Primal scream at the TV screen, close your eyes. Now the world is too much with me. Please leave, just go away. Before I lose my mind completely, just leave, please go now.
You know, Devin, the way I see it, and hey, I'm no intelligent businessman like you, but the way I see it, there's two great evils that bedevil American capitalism of the kind you practise. Number one is outsourcing. You paid a private company to do your dirty work, and then you under paid that company because you thought you were big enough and bad enough that you didn't have to play by the rules. Oh, number two: off-shoring your profits.
You found something else. In that cell you found something that mattered more to you than life. It was when they threatened to kill you unless you gave them what they wanted... you told them you'd rather die. You faced your death, Evey. You were calm. You were still.
Dozens of people spontaneously combust each year. It's just not really widely reported.
There is no hate, only joy. For you are beloved by the goddess. Hero of the dawn, Healer of worlds. Dreams of the morrow hath the shattered soul. Pride is lost. Wings stripped away, the end is nigh.
They're pills that create a sort of temporary forgettingness. So if somebody finds out how you do a trick, you just give 'em one of these, and they forget the whole thing. It's a mainstay of the magician's toolkit, like how clowns always have a rag soaked in ether.
The following year, I left home to live in the school dormitory. My mother said the 12 years she spent raising us, felt like an instant as if it were a fairy tale. She said so happily with eyes fixed on a distant mountain peak. Seeing that smile on her face, makes me very happy.
Because people like you. You're quiet. You say "excuse me". You look like little birds help you get dressed in the morning.
You've got me over the moon, and that's no jest. We're miles above the rest. Look in your eyes and I know we'll be fine. So let's shoot for the stars and make this love really shine.
I do not deny that what happened to us is a thing worth laughing at. But it is not worth telling, for not everyone is sufficiently intelligent to be able to see things from the right point of view.
It's not time to make a change. Just sit down and take it slowly. You're still young, that's your fault, there's so much you have to go through. Find a girl, settle down. If you want, you can marry. Look at me, I am old, but I'm happy.
Well this seems to be a waste of my time. That is nine hundred nicker in any shop, you're lucky enough to find one in, and you're complaining about two hundred? What school of finance did you study? It's a deal, it's a steal, it's the sale of the beeping century! In fact, beep it Nick, I think I'll keep it!
Geometry sets out from certain conceptions such as "plane," "point," and "straight line," with which we are able to associate more or less definite ideas, and from certain simple propositions (axioms) which, in virtue of these ideas, we are inclined to accept as "true." Then, on the basis of a logical process, the justification of which we feel ourselves compelled to admit, all remaining propositions are shown to follow from those axioms, i.e. they are proven.
Warmer water increases the moisture content of storms, and warmer air holds more moisture. When storm conditions trigger a downpour, more of it falls in the form of big, one-time rainfalls and snowfalls.
To drive out of the Central Valley of California on a hot day and into San Francisco is to feel like you're landing on another planet. Over our two-hour drive, the temperature went from nearly a hundred to the middle sixties. The visual disparity was as dramatic. On one side of the bay was a day so bright you'd have to squint with the visor down and your sunglasses on. Halfway across the Bay Bridge the fog enveloped us, whipping in strands through the rusted girders. As we crossed into the fog, it didn't seem possible that two such environments could exist side by side.
I won't say another word - not one. I know I talk too much, but I am really trying to overcome it, and although I say far too much, yet if you only knew how many things I want to say and don't, you'd give me some credit for it.
I still see things that are not here. I just choose not to acknowledge them. Like a diet of the mind, I just choose not to indulge certain appetites; like my appetite for patterns; perhaps my appetite to imagine and to dream.
My life seems unreal, my crime an illusion, a scene badly written in which I must play. Yet I know as I gaze at my young love beside me the morning is just a few hours away.
We don't need no education. We don't need no thought control. No dark sarcasm in the classroom - teachers leave them kids alone! All in all it's just another brick in the wall.
I've seen it watching me, that misty thing without a face. It weaves my thoughts, lined them up in black lace.
There is nothing more admirable than when two people who see eye to eye keep house as man and wife, confounding their enemies and delighting their friends.
I'm alive in a city in a country of the world. And I want to go on living, I want to see my life unfold. You know it's hard to go on looking at the storeys of our day and the dangers we're all facing growing worse in every way. And you would think with all of the genius and the brilliance of these times, we might find a higher purpose and a better use of mind.
Do you know I've been sitting here thinking to myself: that if I didn't believe in life, if I lost faith in the woman I love, lost faith in the order of things, were convinced in fact that everything is a disorderly, damnable, and perhaps devil-ridden chaos, if I were struck by every horror of man's disillusionment - still I should want to live.
There are very few things I wish I could change about those two decades, but there are many things I wish I had known.
In his blue gardens men and girls came and went like moths among the whisperings and the champagne and the stars.
Countless blues are sung about individual trains which appear to have their own peculiar personalities, especially the Cannonball, the Redball and other famous express engines. Impressive in their speed and immense proportions, chilling the spine with their shrieking whistles in the night, thrilling the blood with the roar of their engines as they pass, even the more obscure trains have their importance in the remoter districts.
I am the truth, I am the wisdom of the fallen - I'm the youth. I am the greatest, this is the proof. I work hard, pray hard, pay dues, I transform with pressure - I'm hands-on with effort. I fell twice before my bounce back was special. Letdowns will get you, and the critics will test you. But the strong will survive, another scar may bless you.
For all the things you've done, for the things you might have done, and for the only thing you have left.
My friend, do you fly away now? To a world that abhors you and I? All that awaits you is a somber morrow. No matter where the winds may blow. My friend, your desire, is the bringer of life, the gift of the goddess. Even if the morrow is barren of promises, nothing shall forestall my return.
Why are we still here? Just to suffer? Every night, I can feel my leg... and my arm... even my fingers. The body I've lost... the comrades I've lost... won't stop hurting... It's like they're all still there. You feel it, too, don't you? I'm gonna make them give back our past.
So if this was a touching romantic storey this is probably where a new feeling would wash over me and suddenly we would be furiously making out with the fire of a thousand suns. But this isn't a touching romantic storey.
In the moment when I truly understand my enemy, understand him well enough to defeat him, then in that very moment I also love him. I think it's impossible to really understand somebody, what they want, what they believe, and not love them the way they love themselves. And then, in that very moment when I love them ... I destroy them.
Because the peoples of Micronesia and Palau did not have a writing system before the arrival of Europeans, much of what scientists suspect about pre-historical Micronesia and Palau is based on archaeology, racial and cultural studies, and traditional legends and storeys.
Shoot the dictator and prevent the war? But the dictator is merely the tip of the whole festering boil of social pus from which dictators emerge; shoot one, and there'll be another one along in a minute. Shoot him too? Why not shoot everyone and invade Poland? In fifty years', thirty years', ten years' time the world will be very nearly back on its old course. History always has a great weight of inertia.
Our people are good people; our people are kind people. Pray God some day kind people won't all be poor.
Sometimes I just feel like my father, I hate to be bothered with all of this nonsense, it's constant. And "Oh, it's his lyrical content. The song 'Guilty Conscience' has gotten such rotten responses." And all of this controversy circles me, and it seems like the media immediately points a finger at me, so I point one back at them, but not the index or pinkie, or the ring or the thumb.
'Cause what the world needs now is a new kind of tension 'cause the old one just bores me to death. 'Cause what the world needs now is another folk singer like I need a hole in my head.
Hey Mr. Tambourine Man, play a song for me, I'm not sleepy and there is no place I'm going to; Hey Mr. Tambourine Man, play a song for me, in the jingle jangle morning I'll come followin' you.
I wish I had your passion, Ray... Misdirected though it might be, it is still a passion.
In the beginning there was discovery. A confusion of elements. The first snowfall of impossible change. Old lives undone, left behind.
There are five stages to grief, which are denial, anger, bargaining, depression, and acceptance. And right now, out there, they're all denying the fact that they're sad. And that's hard. And it's making them all angry. And it is my job to try to get them all the way through to acceptance. And if not acceptance, then just depression. If I can get them depressed, then I'll have done my job.
In the early days of paperback books, the paper used was very low quality, usually newsprint. Consumers rejected the soiled and discoloured appearance of the pages. Publishers hit upon the notion of "staining," which made the paper look fresh, even pretty, and most important, prolonged the shelf life of their books.
He could not be mistaken. There were no other eyes like those in the world. There was only one creature in the world who could concentrate for him all the brightness and meaning of life. It was she. It was Kitty.
The mask salesman said that if you got back the precious thing that was stolen from you, he could return you to normal! Did you completely forget or what?
In 1972, domestic oil production peaked and then began its inexorable, irreversible decline. The year before, the prerogative of setting the price of crude oil had passed into the hands of a new producer group, the Organisation of the Petroleum Exporting Countries.
I've flown seven million miles. And I've been waiting on people almost 20 years. The best job I could get after my bust was Cabo Air, which is the worst job you can get in this industry. And now with this arrest hanging over my head, I'm scared. If I lose my job I gotta start all over again, but I got nothing to start over with.
A failed marriage, a few relationships, you're angry at the entire world and men in particular out of a false sense of entitlement for something you never received. Your entire personality is an extended criticism of my values meant, I'm sure, to compel me into engagement through argument. Do you even like what you do? Or is it just a reflexive urge toward authority out of defiance?
I'm an apostrophe. I'm just a symbol to remind you that there's more to see. I'm just a product of the system, a catastrophe. And yet a masterpiece, and yet I'm half-diseased.
I know that I am mortal by nature and ephemeral, but when I trace at my pleasure the windings to and fro of the heavenly bodies, I no longer touch earth with my feet. I stand in the presence of Zeus himself and take my fill of ambrosia.
Well, the time has come to say, is dehumanisation such a bad word? Because good or bad, that's what is so. The whole world is becoming humanoid - creatures that look human but aren't. The whole world, not just us. We're just the most advanced country so we're getting there first. The whole world's people are becoming mass-produced, programmed, numbered, insensate things.
Mankind continues to fight, but it is a desperate fight to stay alive. I suppose that he chose a life of warfare since that was the only way he knew. Like you, Father, he chose of a path of destruction... Farewell, land of my birth. Never again will these eyes gaze upon your beauty.
And isn't that a minor miracle? The state of the world today and the level of conflict and misunderstanding, that two men could stand on a lonely road in winter and talk calmly and rationally while all around them, people are losing their mind. You have a nice day.
I think if your clients want to sit on my shoulders and call themselves tall, they have the right to give it a try. But there's no requirement that I enjoy sitting here listening to people lie. You have part of my attention. You have the minimum amount. The rest of my attention is back at the offices of Facebook, where my colleagues and I are doing things that no one in this room, including and especially your clients, are intellectually or creatively capable of doing.
When I was a prisoner in Pretoria they used to keep us awake at night with fireworks after news such as that of Colenso and Magersfontein, but, except amongst the young boys, they were not given to exultation over what they had done or to any boasting. Then they talked about lyddite, and it was quite clear that it had been a terrible bogy in their minds, and that they had imagined it was to have an effect like throwing earthquakes at them, and it was equally evident that the result of actual experience had fallen short of their apprehensions.
This above all: to thine own self be true, and it must follow, as the night the day, thou canst not then be false to any man.
Good morning, Vietnam! Hey, this is not a test. This is rock and roll. Time to rock it from the delta to the DMZ! Is that me, or does that sound like an Elvis Presley movie?
And I will look down and see my murmuring bones and the deep water like wind, like a roof of wind, and after a long time they cannot distinguish even bones upon the lonely and inviolate sand.
Others say "Dress for the job you want." I say dress like the man you wanna be. Nick, we have an obligation to assault the commonplace every chance we get, from the clothes we wear, to the art we collect, to the women in our lives.
You are the breath of your Creator, and as he breathes in and out, you live. Remember that, for that sums up everything that you need to know about your God. There is first an exhalation from God, on the part of all creation; and then, at a certain point, it starts its journey back, its inhalation. This cycle never ceases. You leave me; you are away from me; you start back; you rejoin me. You and everything else. It is a process, an event. It is an activity - my activity. It is the rhythm of my own being, and it sustains you all.â€
Let's sort the buyers from the spires, the needy from the greedy, and those who trust me from the ones who don't, because if you can't see value here today, you're not up here shopping. You're up here shoplifting. Anyone like jewelry? Look at that one there. Handmade in Italy, hand-stolen in Stepney. It's as long as my arm. Here - one price - ten pound.
The derby is over and the results are in. Last place...YOU!
Morality, it could be argued, represents the way that people would like the world to work whereas economics represents how it actually does work.
Then she lit up a candle, and she showed me the way. There were voices down the corridor. I thought I heard them say, "Welcome to the Hotel California." Such a lovely place, such a lovely face.
I'm the great pretender, pretending that I'm doing well. My need is such I pretend too much. I'm lonely but no one can tell.
Alright, how about the fact that this is actually happening? You have your armies, you have your ships, you have your dragons... Everything you ever wanted, since you were old enough to want anything. It's all yours for the taking. Are you afraid? Good. You're in the Great Game now, and the Great Game is terrifying. The only people who aren't afraid of failure are madmen like your father.
Don't take anything personally - nothing others do is because of you. What others say and do is a projection of their own reality, their own dream. When you are immune to the opinions and actions of others, you won't be the victim of needless suffering.
How many roads must a man walk down before you call him a man? Yes, and how many seas must a white dove sail before she sleeps in the sand? Yes, and how many times must the cannon balls fly before they're forever banned? The answer, my friend, is blowin' in the wind; the answer is blowin' in the wind.
Hey, Sid! Remember that time last summer we were all gathered around the kill like this, someone told a leopard joke, and you laughed so hard an antler came out of your nose?
There was me, that is Alex, and my three droogs, that is Pete, Georgie, and Dim, Dim being really dim, and we sat in the Korova Milkbar making up our rassoodocks what to do with the evening.
I felt good and all washed clean of sin for the first time I had ever felt so in my life, and I knowed I could pray now. But I didn't do it straight off, but laid the paper down and set there thinking - thinking how good it was all this happened so, and how near I come to being lost and going to hell.
'I have come,' he said. 'But I do not choose now to do what I came to do. I will not do this deed. The Ring is mine!' And suddenly, as he set it on his finger, he vanished from Sam's sight.
I bet he was referring to the four areas just outside town. There's one in each compass direction. But what do you suppose he meant by "the four who are there?"
Perhaps if you know you are insane then you are not insane. Or you are becoming sane, finally. Waking up.
When the mind is brought to rest and not allowed to wander, a deep calm pervades body and mind, a state of tranquillity which must be experienced to be understood.
What an astonishing thing a book is. It's a flat object made from a tree with flexible parts on which are imprinted lots of funny dark squiggles. But one glance at it and you're inside the mind of another person, maybe somebody dead for thousands of years. Across the millennia, an author is speaking clearly and silently inside your head, directly to you. Writing is perhaps the greatest of human inventions, binding together people who never knew each other, citizens of distant epochs. Books break the shackles of time. A book is proof that humans are capable of working magic.
With no power comes no responsibility, except that wasn't true.
"Look at that," she whispered, and then after a moment: "I'd like to just get one of those pink clouds and put you in it and push you around."
Invisible airwaves crackle with life. Bright antennae bristle with the energy. Emotional feedback on a timeless wavelength bearing a gift beyond price almost free.
Bach's income, if we take into consideration the value of money at that time, cannot have been a poor one. He brought up his large family honestly, gave his children a good education, was profuse and cordial in his hospitality, and at his death left not only a rich collection of first-rate musical instruments, but also a not insignificant sum of money.
The man who let himself in was the first person ever invited by Mrs. Rumfoord to a materialisation. He was not a great scientist. He was not even well-educated. He had been thrown out of the University of Virginia in the middle of his freshman year. He was Malachi Constant of Hollywood, California, the richest American - and a notorious rakehell.
Books permit us to voyage through time, to tap the wisdom of our ancestors. The library connects us with the insight and knowledge, painfully extracted from Nature, of the greatest minds that ever were, with the best teachers, drawn from the entire planet and from all our history, to instruct us without tyring, and to inspire us to make our own contribution to the collective knowledge of the human species. I think the health of our civilisation, the depth of our awareness about the underpinnings of our culture and our concern for the future can all be tested by how well we support our libraries.
You could substitute raspberries or any other fruit, but 99.9 percent of all the wine in the world is made from grapes, because they make the best wines.
Any one can get angry - that is easy - or give or spend money; but to do this to the right person, to the right extent, at the right time, with the right motive, and in the right way, that is not for every one, nor is it easy; wherefore goodness is both rare and laudable and noble.
What? A swallow carrying a coconut? It's not a question of where he grips it! It's a simple question of weight ratios! A five ounce bird could not carry a one pound coconut. Listen - in order to maintain air-speed velocity, a swallow needs to beat its wings forty-three times every second, right?
We were the people who were not in the papers. We lived in the blank white spaces at the edges of print.
There are perhaps twenty regular posters on the forum, and some much larger and uncounted number of lurkers.
The future is something which everyone reaches at the rate of sixty minutes an hour, whatever he does, whoever he is.
Don't look so disappointed, dear one. Just try them on. Today is a day to celebrate. It is the day that you become the same age as the young hero spoken of in all the legends. You only have to wear them for one day, so don't look so down. Be proud, child. In the olden days, this was the day the boys were finally considered to be men. They were taught the ways of the sword to prepare them for battle with their enemies. But we don't live in such a way any longer. Our ways are the ways of peace.
Take my advice and live for a long, long time. Because the maddest thing a man can do in this life is to let himself die.
The transformations of the US and Mexican countryside did not merely run parallel, though; they frequently intersected. In the new millennium, few remember that era of convergence.
He ain't in the box because of the joke played on him. He back-sassed a free man. They got their rules. We ain't got nothin' to do with that. Would probably have happened to him sooner or later anyway, a complainer like him. He gotta learn the rules the same as anybody else.
Let's sort the buyers from the spires, the needy from the greedy, and those who trust me from the ones who don't, because if you can't see value here today, you're not up here shopping. You're up here shoplifting. Anyone like jewelry?
The number one challenge I've seen with myself and with other teen entrepreneurs is that they get too caught up in the idaea that teen entrepreneurs are supposed to be cut some slack for what they do. That mindset undermines your potential.
Yes, it was her he was looking at, and there was meaning in his look. His eyes burned into her as though they would search her through and through, read her very soul.
And, and maybe the first chair trombone player from the high school band comes by you know, and he takes pity on you, tries to drive you home and all. Oh but no, Mike! You wanna swerve home in your cherried-out Dodge Charger!
It's not when you realise that nothing can help you - religion, pride, anything - it's when you realise that you don't need any aid.
As a child, I was aware that, at night, infrared vision would reveal monsters hiding in the bedroom closet only if they were warm-blooded. But everybody knows that your average bedroom monster is reptilian and cold-blooded.
I don't know why he saved my life. Maybe in those last moments he loved life more than he ever had before. Not just his life, anybody's life, my life. All he'd wanted were the same answers the rest of us want. Where did I come from? Where am I going? How long have I got?
What a tale he's told, what a bitter bowl of war he's drunk to the dregs.
Lying here in the darkness I hear the sirens wail. Somebody's going to emergency, somebody's going to jail. You find somebody to love in this world, you better hang on tooth and nail. The wolf is always at the door.
Finding a way into a criminal organisation is about observing social dynamics. You start with a target. You're looking for just the right person to approach. People in the inner circle are usually too tough to go after - anyone with real power is bound to be cautious. Drivers and bodyguards are easier, but they usually don't have real access. You want someone with enough juice to be hungry for more, someone desperate to make a move. In short, you're looking for a frustrated middle manager.
My turn. Kwyjibo. K-W-Y-J-I-B-O, 22 points, plus triple word score, plus 50 points for using all my letters. Game's over, I'm outta here.
We may climb into the thin and cold realm of pure geometry and lifeless science, or sink into that of sensation. Between these extremes is the equator of life, of thought, or spirit, or poetry - a narrow belt.
Microsoft bought outright for $50,000 the operating system they needed and they turned around and licenced it to the world for up to $50 per PC. Think of it - one hundred million personal computers running MS-DOS software funnelling billions into Microsoft - a company that back then was fifty kids managed by a 25 year old who needed to wash his hair.
She's got eyes of the bluest skies as if they thought of rain. I hate to look into those eyes and see an ounce of pain. Her hair reminds me of a warm safe place where as a child I'd hide and pray for the thunder and the rain to quietly pass me by.
Monkeys? Think a monkey knows he's sitting on top of a rocket that might explode? These astronaut boys, they know that, see? Well, I'll tell you somethin' - it takes a special kind of man to volunteer for a suicide mission, especially one that's on TV. Ol' Gus, he did alright.
I wish I had a boyfriend. I wish he lived in the wardrobe on a coat hanger. Whenever I wanted, I could get him out and he'd look at me the way boys do in films, as if I'm beautiful.
Somewhere, if you try to look it up, you can probably find a statement such as, "There are 17 languages in India, and 462 dialects." There is something strange about the precise statements like that, when the concepts "language" and "dialect" are themselves fuzzy.
That guy was hurting me. If you hadn't come out when you did, he would've hurt me a lot worse. And probably nothing would've happened to him 'cause everybody did see me dancin' with him all night. They would've made out like I'd asked for it. My life would've been ruined a whole lot worse than it is now. At least now I'm havin' some fun.
Make no mistake about people who leap from burning windows. Their terror of falling from a great height is still just as great as it would be for you or me standing speculatively at the same window just checking out the view; i.e. the fear of falling remains a constant. The variable here is the other terror, the fire's flames: when the flames get close enough, falling to death becomes the slightly less terrible of two terrors. It's not desiring the fall; it's terror of the flames.
A computer needs a manager to administer its operations, just as a company needs a manager. And that is what DOS is. A manager. It manages the operations in your computer.
Yeah, they got you where they want you. There's a better life and you think about it, don't you? It's a rich man's game no matter what they call it and you spend your life putting money in his wallet.
Ooh, if the shoe fits, wear it. If New Yorkâ€™s in debt. Why should Virginia bear it? Uh! Our debts are paid, Iâ€™m afraid. Donâ€™t tax the South cuz we got it made in the shade In Virginia, we plant seeds in the ground. We create. You just wanna move our money around. This financial plan is an outrageous demand
She just looked at me uncomprehendingly like cows at a passing train.
Delicious and vicious, while maliciously nutritious.
The higher a man stands on the social ladder, the greater the number of people he is connected with, the more power he has over other people, the more obvious is the predestination and inevitability of his every action.
Creme tangerine and montelimar. A ginger sling with a pineapple heart. A coffee dessert, yes you know it's good news. But you'll have to have them all pulled out after the Savoy truffle. Cool cherry cream, a nice apple tart. I feel your taste all the time we're apart. Coconut fudge, really blows down those blues. But you'll have to have them all pulled out after the Savoy truffle.
Outdoor privies and cesspools must be carefully attended to. The latter can be easily covered so no flies can get in and if the filthy and in every way dangerous pit under the privy be filled and the dry-earth closet substituted, one of the greatest sources of danger, especially in the country and in towns with inadequate sewerage facilities, will be done away with. After these things are done there remain only the garbage cans and the rubbish heaps to look after.
It is a period of civil war. Rebel spaceships, striking from a hidden base, have won their first victory against the evil Galactic Empire. During the battle, Rebel spies managed to steal secret plans to the Empire's ultimate weapon.
A robot may not injure a human being, or, through inaction, allow a human being to come to harm. A robot must obey the orders given it by human beings except where such orders would conflict with the First Law. A robot must protect its own existence as long as such protection does not conflict with the First or Second Laws.
There are two kinds of fibres in our muscles, red and white. Red muscle fibres enable us to maintain long-term, low stress activity. White muscle fibres are specialised for fast, rapid movements.
Oceans apart day after day and I slowly go insane. I hear your voice on the line but it doesn't stop the pain. If I see you next to never how can we say forever?
Death is irrelevant. Your archaic cultures are authority driven. To facilitate our introduction into your societies, it has been decided that a human voice will speak for us in all communications. You have been chosen to be that voice.
I know I should be angry. I should be furious. What a way to behave your first day at school! But, if you promise me that nothing of the sort will happen again, I won't say another word about it.
In the casino, the cardinal rule is to keep them playing and to keep them coming back. The longer they play, the more they lose, and in the end, we get it all. Running a casino is like robbing a bank with no cops around.
Perhaps I will die too, she told herself, and the thought did not seem so terrible to her. If she flung herself from the window, she could put an end to her suffering, and in the years to come the singers would write songs of her grief. Her body would lie on the stones below, broken and innocent, shaming all those who had betrayed her. Sansa went so far as to cross the bedchamber and throw open the shutters, but then her courage left her, and she ran back to her bed, sobbing.
Great, lets round up all the useless cats and hope a tree falls on them.
Jealousy, turning saints into the sea. Swimming through sick lullabies, choking on your alibis. But it's just the price I pay, destiny is calling me. Open up my eager eyes, 'cause I'm Mr. Brightside.
They reminded me that it was my fate to pursue only phantoms, creatures whose reality existed to a great extent in my imagination; for there are people - and this had been my case since youth - for whom all the things that have a fixed value, assessable by others, fortune, success, high positions, do not count; what they must have is phantoms. They sacrifice all the rest, devote all their efforts, make everything else subservient to the pursuit of some phantom. But this soon fades away; then they run after another only to return later on to the first.
I'm broke but I'm happy. I'm poor but I'm kind. I'm short but I'm healthy. I'm high but I'm grounded, I'm sane but I'm overwhelmed. I'm lost but I'm hopeful, baby. What it all comes down to is that everything's gonna be fine, fine, fine 'cause I've got one hand in my pocket and the other one is giving a high five.
I had the impression of being abandoned by everyone when the whole city rose and left for the summer. Whether I went to Nevsky Avenue, to the park, or wandered along the embankments, I never came across the people I was accustomed to meet in certain spots at certain hours all year round. They, of course, didn't know me; but I knew them all right.
I'll tell you why. I think you're a lonely person. I drive by this place a lot and I see you here. I see a lot of people around you. And I see all these phones and all this stuff on your desk. It means nothing. Then when I came inside and I met you, I saw in your eyes and I saw the way you carried yourself that you're not a happy person. And I think you need something. And if you want to call it a friend, you can call it a friend.
I think what our insightful young friend is saying is that we welcome the inevitable seasons of nature, but we're upset by the seasons of our economy.
Well, why waste this on us when you can put it on the Internet and have the whole world ignore it?
You know it's Nick Crompton and my collar stay poppin'. Yes, I can rap and no, I am not from Compton. England is my city.
We can experience nothing but the present moment, live in no other second of time, and to understand this is as close as we can get to eternal life.
Fear is a strange soil. Mainly it grows obedience like corn, which grows in rows and makes weeding easy. But sometimes it grows the potatoes of defiance, which flourish underground.
"Pearl Harbour" is a two-hour movie squeezed into three hours, about how on Dec. 7, 1941, the Japanese staged a surprise attack on an American love triangle. Its centrepiece is 40 minutes of redundant special effects, surrounded by a love storey of stunning banality. The film has been directed without grace, vision, or originality, and although you may walk out quoting lines of dialogue, it will not be because you admire them.
I tried to save the Shire, and it has been saved, but not for me. It must often be so, Sam, when things are in danger: some one has to give them up, lose them, so that others may keep them. But you are my heir: all that I had and might have had I leave to you.
I find to my amazement that the more I love mankind as a whole, the less I love man in particular.
Memories, even your most precious ones, fade surprisingly quickly. But I don't go along with that. The memories I value most, I don't ever see them fading.
Cherry no longer looked sick, only sad. "I'll bet you think the Socs have it made. The rich kids, the West-side Socs. I'll tell you something, Ponyboy, and it may come as a surprise. We have troubles you've never even heard of. You want to know something?" She looked me straight in the eye. "Things are rough all over."
And what haunts me, is that in all the faces of all the bears that Treadwell ever filmed, I discover no kinship, no understanding, no mercy. I see only the overwhelming indifference of nature. To me, there is no such thing as a secret world of the bears. And this blank stare speaks only of a half-bored interest in food. But for Timothy Treadwell, this bear was a friend, a saviour.
He was eating a peach when I went to go talk to him! This is his ace of spades! This is his calling card! This is what he leaves all his victims. And it's still warm. Okay go and arrest him and send this to the lab!
Today I don't feel like doing anything. I just wanna lay in my bed. Don't feel like picking up my phone so leave a message at the tone. 'Cause today I swear I'm not doing anything.
If you know the enemy and know yourself, you need not fear the result of a hundred battles. If you know yourself but not the enemy, for every victory gained you will also suffer a defeat. If you know neither the enemy nor yourself, you will succumb in every battle.
Yes. Everyone at Harvard's inventing something. Harvard undergraduates believe that inventing a job is better than finding a job. So I'll suggest again that the two of you come up with a new new project.
What the boys from Jiangxi had never even considered was that each of these creatures, destined for the banquet table, had a host of indigenous viruses that it shed by the millions, in feces, blood, sweat, saliva, and tears. Fang Lin and his friends would be in close proximity to microbes imported directly from the rain forests of Southeast Asia and the wild hinterlands of China. None of the men, however, knew what a virus was or what the risks were of a lethal microbe jumping the species barrier. They knew only that they were getting a sweet deal.
There are perhaps twenty regular posters on the forum, and some much larger and uncounted number of lurkers. And right now there are three people in chat, but there's no way of knowing exactly who until you are in there, and the chat room she finds not so comforting. It's strange even with friends, like sitting in a pitch-dark cellar conversing with people a distance of about fifteen feet.
You said I sounded a bit callous in my last letter, Dad. Let me see if I can put things in a better way. At this particular Mobile Army Hospital we are not concerned with the ultimate reconstruction of the patient. We care only about getting the kid out of here alive enough for someone else to put on the fine touches. We work fast and we're not dainty. We try to play par surgery on this course. Par is a live patient.
The laser hits its mark with certain aim, and as the Death Star arms to strike the base, the chain reaction sets the orb aflame: The Death Star hath exploded into space.
The fact that we live at the bottom of a deep gravity well, on the surface of a gas covered planet going around a nuclear fireball 90 million miles away and think this to be normal is obviously some indication of how skewed our perspective tends to be.
"Oh, I almost forgot," he said. "There's a really interesting rock formation, right as you enter the cave. I forget the exact scientific explanation, but there's something odd about the composition of the rock, so if you spread your hand out and touch it in the right spot, you can feel one patch of the stone that's about fifteen degrees colder than the rest of the rock. It's very bizarre. I'll show you where to touch as we're going in."
Today is gonna be the day that they're gonna throw it back to you. By now you should've somehow realised what you gotta do. I don't believe that anybody feels the way I do about you now.
Imagine considering "if" as a two-finger movement instead of two single-finger movements: Thus, whenever you saw the word "if" you would immediately start twitching your right forefinger and left forefinger (preferably in the correct order). This would definitely increase your response time and speed up your keyboarding.
Everything will continue eternally by performing repetition. Time is located within this accumulation of repetition. Here, life is not a beginning and death is not an ending. Your soul will travel on to the next life and again on to the next. This journey will never come to an end. Everything will continue eternally by performing repetition. Eventually your soul will speak to you. The soul will speak of the time spent with each journey. Your life is one part of this enormous transmigration. The infinite repetition of life creates this enormous transmigration. All that has been accumulated is of value. Fortune and misfortune, pleasure and suffering, the useful and useless. All that has been acquired will be inherited to the next life. Your soul will continue this travelling eternally. Into the infinite and eternal future.
If you think that you are going to love something, give it a try.
It's my leg! I want my leg, you understand? Can't you understand that? All's I'm sayin' is that I want to be treated like a human being! I fought for my country! I am a Vietnam veteran! I fought for my country!
Alfred Hitchcock once said, "Drama is life with the dull bits cut out." Reflecting the interesting (and often) tragic parts of "life" on the stage was an important part of the ancient world, and helped to shape our modern culture.
Your strength is just an accident arising from the weakness of others.
Mother used to say that however miserable one is, there's always something to be thankful for. And each morning, when the sky brightened and light began to flood my cell, I agreed with her.
So, I guess we are who we are for a lot of reasons. And maybe we'll never know most of them. But even if we don't have the power to choose where we come from, we can still choose where we go from there. We can still do things. And we can try to feel okay about them.
Does she know what she's getting, Spock? A carcass full of memory banks who should be squatting on a mushroom? Instead of passing himself off as a man? You belong in the circus, Spock, not a starship. Right next to the dog face boy!
Why don't you just make ten louder and make ten be the top number and make that a little louder?
You have needs - satisfy them. You have as much right as the rich and the mighty. Don't hesitate to satisfy your needs; indeed, expand your needs and demand more.
And then I hear the best thing to do is feed 'em to pigs. You gotta starve the pigs for a few days, then the sight of a chopped up body looks like curry to a drunk. You gotta shave the heads of your victims and pull the teeth out. You could do that after of course, but you don't want to go sieving pig shit do you? Ever seen the size of one of their molars? They go through bone like it's butter. You gotta have a few pigs though, you need about sixteen. They will go through a body that weighs two hundred pounds in about eight minutes. That means that a single pig can consume two pounds of uncooked flesh every minute... Hence the expression "greedy as a pig."
He has a life, a real life here. One that keeps him grounded and decent. As you've heard, there are many people who care about Neal, people who see him as more than just a criminal. He's frustrating, I'll admit - he drives me crazy on his best days. I don't always have to know where Neal is or what he's up to, but I do know that he has a good heart and a set of principles that weren't there six years ago when he was just another case file that got dropped on my desk.
Are you paying attention? Good. If you are not listening carefully, you will miss things. Important things. I will not pause, I will not repeat myself, and you will not interrupt me. You think that because you're sitting where you are, and I am sitting where I am, that you are in control of what is about to happen. You're mistaken. I am in control, because I know things that you do not know.
Do you realise she's having a baby on the other side of the country, and we're watching it live? Yikes, eight centimetres! Of course, I suppose it could be tape delay.
Unlike the other four senses located in the logical regions of the forebrain, our sense of smell is wired directly into the limbic system, the so-called "reptilian" cellar of the brain responsible for our most basic emotions, from rage to lust.
There will be no more retribution, so you better not waste your time. I don't miss your arms around me. I put my hands in the fire when it burned me once, I don't need it for a second time.
Hackers in Amtrak computers, or air-traffic control computers, will kill somebody someday. Maybe a lot of people.
These mist-covered mountains are a home now for me, but my home is the lowlands and always will be. Someday you'll return to your valleys and your farms and you'll no longer burn to be brothers in arms.
A lot of people, especially this one psychoanalyst guy they have here, keeps asking me if I'm going to apply myself when I go back to school next September. It's such a stupid question, in my opinion. I mean, how do you know what you're going to do till you do it? The answer is, you don't. I think I am, but how do I know? I swear it's such a stupid question.
They knew they were privileged to have these choices, but they also knew the stakes were high. These people were asking the big questions: How do I find meaning in my life? Should I have children? What is the most meaningful way to connect with other people? How should I balance my work life with my personal life (and is there a distinction anymore)?
Most localities haven't found a better way to dae-ice roadways and sidewalks than salt. Salt is also effective in keeping hard packs of ice from forming in the first place. While a number of chemicals have been developed to melt ice, salt remains a much cheaper alternative.
The proper purpose of law is to use the power of its collective force to stop this fatal tendency to plunder instead of to work. All the measures of the law should protect property and punish plunder. But, generally, the law is made by one man or one class of men. And since law cannot operate without the sanction and support of a dominating force, this force must be entrusted to those who make the laws.
Some men are born mediocre, some men achieve mediocrity, and some men have mediocrity thrust upon them.
In America, circus folk ride through town, while bands play and the elephants trumpet. Everyone puts on their biggest smile and people line the streets and cheer. A booming voice announces the show for that evening.
I can already hear your tune calling me across the room. When the world and his wife are on my back again, not enough pleasure too much pain. When the world is too much with me, please leave, just go away. Before I lose my mind completely, please leave, just go now.
Baby, don't you know, all o'them tears gon' come and go. Baby you just gotta make up your mind that every little thing is gonna be alright. Baby, don't you know, all o'them tears gon' come and go, baby you just gotta make up your mind. We decide it.
To make you a vampire they have to suck your blood. And then you have to suck their blood. It's like a whole big sucking thing. Mostly they're just gonna kill you.
I don't know what it is that makes me love you so. I only know I never want to let you go 'cause you started something. Can't you see that ever since we met you've had a hold on me?
I know what "exacerbate" means. There is not a word or a sentence or a concept that you can illuminate for me.
The truth is that there are a lot of people like you, us, with strange hobbies or talents or gifts and we try to hide it because we're afraid that it makes us seem weird or it will turn people off, but that's a mistake. What makes me unique has brought every person I love into my life.
Why does an apple fall when it is ripe? Is it brought down by the force of gravity? Is it because its stalk withers? Because it is dried by the sun, because it grows too heavy, or because the boy standing under the tree wants to eat it? None of these is the cause... Every action of theirs, that seems to them an act of their own free will, is in the historical sense not free at all but is bound up with the whole course of history and preordained from all eternity.
I realise that all you seventh graders are delicate, adolescent flowers just beginning your high school blooming. And so I say this with utmost sensitivity. Take this test or die.
I was with a customer. She interrupts me, wild-eyed, begging for coffee, so I tell her to wait her turn. Then she starts following me around, talking a mile a minute, saying God knows what. So finally I turn to her, and I tell her she's being annoying - sit down, shut up, I'll get to her when I get to her.
The ability to witness two men stand toe to toe in the spirit of sportsmanship and pummel each other into insensibility is what separates us from the animals.
I'll say God seems to have a kind of laid-back management style I'm not crazy about. I'm pretty much anti-death. God looks by all accounts to be pro-death. I'm not seeing how we can get together on this issue, he and I, Boo.
But, pray how could that which I spoke so many years ago, and at about five thousand leagues distance, in another reign, be applied to any of the Yahoos, who now are said to govern the herd; especially at a time when I little thought, or feared, the unhappiness of living under them?
Now, sir, we'll talk if you like. I'll tell you right out, I'm a man who likes talking to a man who likes to talk.
Furthermore, those not understanding this intensity will say you work all the time and probably resent it - you make them look bad. But for you, work is play.
Look, there's only one thing worse than being a loser. It's being one of those guys that sits in a bar, telling the storey of how he became a loser, and I never want that to happen to me.
I tell you, we got two categories of pilots around here. We got your prime pilots that get all the hot planes, and we got your pud-knockers who dream about getting the hot planes. Now what are you two pud-knockers gonna have?
Hope you're feeling better now, hope you got my letter, how is my stormy weather now, is it gonna change? Can I be like everyone, pretending that there's nothing wrong? Remember when we walked upon clouds that never rain? But every cloud must drain...
It's much better to do good in a way that no one knows anything about it.
The poet, the artist, the sleuth - whoever sharpens our perception tends to be antisocial; rarely "well-adjusted," he cannot go along with currents and trends. A strange bond often exists between antisocial types in their power to see environments as they really are. This need to interface, to confront environments with a certain antisocial power is manifest in the famous storey "The Emperor's New Clothes".
You must know that there is nothing higher and stronger and more wholesome and good for life in the future than some good memory, especially a memory of childhood, of home. People talk to you a great deal about your education, but some good, sacred memory, preserved from childhood, is perhaps the best education. If a man carries many such memories with him into life, he is safe to the end of his days, and if one has only one good memory left in one's heart, even that may sometime be the means of saving us.
Mankind doesn't need warfare and bloodshed to prove itself. Everyday life can provide honour and valour. Let's hope that from now on this country can find its heroes in smaller places. In the most ordinary of deeds.
The Sky People have sent us a message that they can take whatever they want. That no one can stop them. Well, we will send them a message. You ride out as fast as the wind can carry you. You tell the other clans to come. Tell them Toruk Macto calls to them!
Oh we can zoom all the way to the moon from this great wide wacky world. Jump with me, grab coins with me. Oh yeah! It's time to jump up in the air (Jump up in the air). Jump up, don't be scared (Jump up, don't be scared). Jump up and your cares will soar away. And if the dark clouds start to swirl (Dark clouds start to swirl). Don't fear, don't shed a tear, 'cause I'll be your 1UP girl! So let's all jump up super high (Jump up super high). High up in the sky (High up in the sky). There's no power-up like dancing. You know that you're my superstar (You're my superstar). No one else can take me this far. I'm flipping the switch, get ready for this. Oh, let's do the odyssey.
What if all of this is a dream, and it isn't even our dream, it's that dog's dream? Maybe we're just existing in his mind and all of a sudden he'll go drink out of the toilet and we'll be gone. What will happen to us if that dog wakes up? It will be over.
I hope you never lose your sense of wonder. You get your fill to eat but always keep that hunger. May you never take one single breath for granted, God forbid love ever leave you empty handed.
You don't know what's in store, but you know what you're here for. Close your eyes, lay yourself beside me. Hold tight for this ride, we don't need no protection. Come alone, we don't need attention.
There are three reasons, Mr. Brown, why I will not dance with you. The first, I fear, is that you've had a little too much to drink. The second is that this is not, as you seem to suppose, a waltz the orchestra is playing but the Peruvian national anthem, for which you should be standing to attention. And the third reason why we may not dance, Mr. Brown, is that I am the Cardinal Archbishop of Lima.
Although some men who were easy with their words said that it was worth sacrificing one's life for a night of love with such an arousing woman, the truth was that no one made any effort to do so.
If the cause of death is written within 40 seconds of writing the person's name, it will happen. If the cause of death is not specified, the person will simply die of a heart attack. After writing the cause of death, details of death should be written in the next 6 minutes and 40 seconds.
I decided last night to drop out of school and go to Vietnam. I'm talking to my R.O.T.C. officer today. If I'm accepted, I won't have to finish my term paper!
I often see racers, particularly at the back of the pack in amateur races, trying to go fast, with their arms flailing around, banging off shifts, jerking the steering into a turn with feet stabbing at the pedals - the car usually in massive slides through the turns. It may feel as fast and even look fast, but I'll guarantee it's not. If the driver would only slow down, the car would actually go faster. It reminds me of the saying, "never confuse movement for action."
Infinite in mystery is the gift of the Goddess. We seek it thus, and take to the sky. Ripples form on the water's surface. The wandering soul knows no rest.
All this time we wait on this shallow line for a martyr to save our lives when you can't. A warning sign, a lack in reaction time, mixed with a war to fight keeps us here. The tide is in. It's time we all learn to swim. These rooftops won't save our lives and nor did you. Everything's all right.
Let me put it this way, Mr. Amor. The 9000 series is the most reliable computer ever made. No 9000 computer has ever made a mistake or distorted information. We are all, by any practical definition of the words, foolproof and incapable of error.
Sorry, Link. I can't give credit. Come back when you're a little... mmmmm... richer!
It's always difficult to keep personal prejudice out of a thing like this. And wherever you run into it, prejudice always obscures the truth. I don't really know what the truth is. I don't suppose anybody will ever really know. Nine of us now seem to feel that the defendant is innocent, but we're just gambling on probabilities - we may be wrong. We may be trying to let a guilty man go free, I don't know. Nobody really can. But we have a reasonable doubt, and that's something that's very valuable in our system. No jury can declare a man guilty unless it's sure.
I must not fear. Fear is the mind killer. Fear is the little death that brings total obliteration. I will face my fear.
You can't quit until you try. You can't live until you die. You can't learn to tell the truth until you learn to lie. You can't breathe until you choke. You gotta laugh when you're the joke. There's nothing like a funeral to make you feel alive. Just open your eyes. Just open your eyes. And see that life is beautiful. Will you swear on your life, that no one will cry at my funeral?
So, throughout life, our worst weaknesses and meannesses are usually committed for the sake of the people whom we most despise.
We're so glad to see so many of you lovely people here tonight. And we would especially like to welcome all the representatives of Illinois's law enforcement community who have chosen to join us here in the Palace Hotel Ballroom at this time. We certainly hope you all enjoy the show. And remember, people, that no matter who you are and what you do to live, thrive and survive, there's still some things that makes us all the same. You. Me. Them. Everybody. Everybody.
I'm not the protagonist of a novel or anything... I'm a college student who likes to read, like you could find anywhere. But... if, for argument's sake, you were to write a storey with me in the lead role, it would certainly be... a tragedy.
And so, having defeated the nefarious Psy-crow, our hero, Earthworm Jim, wins back the heart of the lovely princess What's Her Name. And so, having defeated the nefarious Psy-crow, our hero, Earthworm Jim, wins back the heart of the lovely princess COW. And so, having defeated the nefarious COW, our hero, Earthworm Jim, wins back the heart of the lovely princess COW. And so, having defeated the nefarious COW, our hero, COW, wins back the heart of the lovely princess COW.
We don't need it to prove out. We've got less than two weeks 'til the election, so we just need to distract them.
I couldn't believe it was her. It was like a dream. But there she was, just as I remembered her. That delicately beautiful face. And a body that could melt a cheese sandwich from across the room.
You found paradise in America. You had a good trade, made a good living, the police protected you and there were courts of law and you didn't need a friend like me. But, now you come to me and you say, "Don Corleone, give me justice." But you don't ask with respect. You don't offer friendship. You don't even think to call me Godfather.
In order to return the power to repel evil to your sword, you must find another to take my stead in this temple and ask the gods for their assistance. You must find the one who carries on my bloodline... The one who holds this sacred instrument.
I have been told of a certain sea snake which has a very unusual method of attracting its prey. It will lie at the bottom of the ocean as if wounded. Then its enemies will approach, and yet it will lie quite still. And then its enemies will take little bites of it, and yet it remains still.
In 1966, Andy Dufresne escaped from Shawshank prison. All they found of him was a muddy set of prison clothes, a bar of soap, and an old rock hammer, damn near worn down to the nub. I used to think it would take six-hundred years to tunnel under the wall with it. Old Andy did it in less than twenty.
Ideology: the process of making ideas. The work was generally performed in silence and solitude, since great care was needed in their manufacture. Certain artisans were chosen for this occupation at an early age and were trained in mental workhouses or asylums. They were known as idealists, and were expected to provide a fixed number of ideas to be exhibited or dramatised for the benefit of the public.
In the second row was a boy named Doon Harrow. He sat with his shoulders hunched, his eyes squeezed shut in concentration, and his hands clasped tightly together. His hair looked rumpled, as if he hadn't combed it for a while. He had dark, thick eyebrows, which made him look serious at the best of times and, when he was anxious or angry, came together to form a straight line across his forehead. His brown corduroy jacket was so old that its ridges had flattened out.
There are infinite numbers between 0 and 1. There's .1 and .12 and .112 and an infinite collection of others. Of course, there is a bigger infinite set of numbers between 0 and 2, or between 0 and a million. Some infinities are bigger than other infinities.
I make my living off the evening news. Just give me something, something I can use. People love it when you lose. They love dirty laundry.
Ultimately, this is not about solving your problems. It's about realising that there are no problems. Only situations - to be dealt with now, or to be left alone and accepted as part of the "isness" of the present moment until they change or can be dealt with.
At the bottom of her heart, however, she was waiting for something to happen. Like shipwrecked sailors, she turned despairing eyes upon the solitude of her life, seeking afar off some white sail in the mists of the horizon. She did not know what this chance would be, what wind would bring it her, towards what shore it would drive her, if it would be a shallop or a three-decker, laden with anguish or full of bliss to the portholes. But each morning, as she awoke, she hoped it would come that day; she listened to every sound, sprang up with a start, wondered that it did not come; then at sunset, always more saddened, she longed for the morrow.
His dream must have seemed so close that he could hardly fail to grasp it. He did not know that it was already behind him.
You have saved me. Rin your soul, which has travelled the Tong-Nou World, is now more brilliant and more stronger than it has ever been. Now it is time to return to where you belong. Tong-Nou will return as the "Isle of Purgation." It shall never devour a soul again. Your soul returns, emitting beautiful light.
It is impossible to kill an enemy. You may end a man's life, but his son becomes your new enemy. A warrior respects another warrior, even he is his enemy. A warrior kills only to protect his family, or to keep from becoming a slave. We believe not in death, but in life, and there is no object more valuable than a man's life. The way of the Mandinka is not easy, but it is best.
There was a time in the Depression of the 1930s when conservative thought sprang from the dire concrete reality of that terrible era, not from abstractions. They did not use the word "conservative" very often, preferring to call themselves "decentralists" or "agrarians." Eclectic in background they were: columnists, poets, historians, literary figures, economists, theologians, and civic advocates.
It became very clear to me sitting out there today that every decision I've made in my entire life has been wrong. My life is the complete opposite of everything I want it to be. Every instinct I have in every aspect of life, be it something to wear, something to eat - it's all been wrong.
That's about the size of it. However, we are ploughing through every possible three-letter combination of the code. But since there are 17,000 permutations... it's going to take us about two-and-a-half days to transmit them all.
Our minds are born festering with sin. Some are so blighted, they will never find redemption. The mind must not be pulled from the roots. My children ware without blame, without fault - and without choice. For what is the value of will when the spirit is found wanting?
That we don't even care as restless as we are, we feel the pull in the land of a thousand guilts. And poured cement, lamented and assured. To the lights and town below, faster than the speed of sound, faster than we thought we'd go beneath the sound of hope.
Truth is, identity theft isn't hard. A number and an ID is all you need to drain a bank account and return some money to some very surprised retirees. But why stop there? As long as you're stealing someone's identity, why not use it to contact some known terrorist organisations on unsecured phone lines? Why not use it to threaten federal judges and insult the local drug cartel? Most fun I've had in Miami.
As I've gotten older, I realise I'm certain of only two things. Days that begin with rowing on a lake are better than days that do not. Second, a man's character is his fate. And as a student of history, I find this hard to refute. For most of us our storeys can be written long before we die. There are exceptions among the great men of history, but they are rare, and I am not one of them. I am a teacher - simply that. I taught for 34 years. One day I stopped teaching. Those were the facts of my life's chronicle. The last chapter had been written. My book was closed.
There's a teleportation grid that runs throughout Halo. That's how the monitor moves about so quickly. I learnt how to tap into the grid when I was in the control centre. Unfortunately, each jump requires a rather consequential expenditure of energy.
In all the houses keys to memorising objects and feelings had been written. But the system demanded so much vigilance and moral strength that many succumbed to the spell of an imaginary reality, one invented by themselves, which was less practical for them but more comforting.
But here we will not try to pass judgement on the objective value of actions; we will be concerned instead with the more modest task of describing the subjective order that a unified purpose brings to individual consciousness. In this sense the answer to the old riddle "What is the meaning of life?" turns out to be astonishingly simple. The meaning of life is meaning: whatever it is, wherever it comes from, a unified purpose is what gives meaning to life.
You clearly don't know who you're talking to, so let me clue you in. I am not in danger, Skyler. I am the danger. A guy opens his door and gets shot and you think that of me? No. I am the one who knocks!
I learnt this, at least, by my experiment: that if one advances confidently in the direction of his dreams, and endeavours to live the life which he has imagined, he will meet with a success unexpected in common hours.
The only message I got was from the company that holds my student loan, Sallie Mae. Sallie Mae sounds like a naive and barefoot hillbilly girl but in fact they are a ruthless and aggressive conglomeration of bullies located in a tall brick building somewhere in Kansas.
Then, waiting, I heard the silence pouring from them. The audience held themselves quiet, tense and tight, as if the song had burned them worse than flame. Each person held their wounded selves closely, clutching their pain as if it were a precious thing. Then there was a murmur of sobs released and sobs escaping. A sigh of tears. A whisper of bodies slowly becoming no longer still. Then the applause. A roar like leaping flame, like thunder after lightning.
The fault lies not with the mob, who demands nonsense, but with those who do not know how to produce anything else.
What about Tony? You know, Bullet Tooth Tony. He'll find you Moses in the burning bush, if you pay him to. He got shot six times, had the bullets moulded into gold. He's the best chance you got of finding Franky.
HAL, you have an enormous responsibility on this mission, in many ways perhaps the greatest responsibility of any single mission element. You're the brain, and central nervous system of the ship, and your responsibilities include watching over the men in hibernation. Does this ever cause you any lack of confidence?
Now they talk about absorption in cosmopolitan proportions to their daughters as they speak of child prevention and immaculate receptions on their portable Sony entertainment centres.
So I want you to get up now. I want all of you to get up out of your chairs. I want you to get up right now and go to the window. Open it and stick your head out and yell, "I'm as mad as hell and I'm not going to take this anymore!"
And she was mine, she was mine, the key was in my fist, my fist was in my pocket, she was mine.
Rhymes trap you into saying things you don't want to say. A word like "fire" is a good example. Before you know it you're reaching for desire, or to get higher, or calling someone a liar, or putting them on a pyre, even if that wasn't what you were going to say.
Well, people don't talk that much in the morning. Look, I'm just delivering a tray, right. If the guest isn't singing "Oh, What a Beautiful Mornin'," I don't immediately think "Oh, there's another snuffed it in the night! Another name in the Fawlty Towers Book of Remembrance." I mean, this is supposed to be a hotel, not a Burma railway!
And I know of people that've been coming up to me, and making me talk about how, you know, Benjamin, why is it so that, you know, you're young, but you already seem very dark, and you seem to be almost possessed. Quite telling, that's quite funny. 'Cause while I'm on my journey, figuring things out, I do come across, surprisingly, angels; they come to me and they sing to me so beautifully, and if I can recall very clearly, their melodies go something like this.
The main thing to do is pay attention. Pay close attention to everything, notice what no one else notices. Then you'll know what no one else knows, and that's always useful.
But it is important to know this, to know your roots. To know where you started as a person. If not, your own life seems unreal to you. Like a puzzle. Like you have missed the beginning of a storey and now you are in the middle of it, trying to understand.
What's the use you learning to do right when it's troublesome to do right and ain't no trouble to do wrong, and the wages is just the same?
I had a job, I had a girl. I had something going, mister, in this world. I got laid off down at the lumber yard, our love went bad, times got hard. Now I work down at the carwash, where all it ever does is rain. Don't you feel like you're a rider on a downbound train.
A giant inverted steel pyramid is perfectly balanced on its point. Any movement of the pyramid will cause it to topple over. Underneath the pyramid is a hundred dollar bill. How do you remove the bill without disturbing the pyramid? The only way you can get the answer is if it comes to you suddenly in the blink of an eye.
They had been given a sign - a powerful, lucid sign - that urban herding and its concomitant technologies are not the proper way to partake of this planet's hospitality. (Actually, there are countless ways to live upon this tremorous sphere in mirth and good health, and probably only one way - the industrialised, urbanised, herding way - to live here stupidly, and man has hit upon that one wrong way.)
It is not necessary to accept everything as true, one must only accept it as necessary.
"Exactly," said Dumbledore, beaming once more. "Which makes you very different from Tom Riddle. It is our choices, Harry, that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities." Harry sat motionless in his chair, stunned.
Every magic trick consists of three parts, or acts. The first part is called the pledge, the magician shows you something ordinary. The second act is called the turn, the magician takes the ordinary something and makes it into something extraordinary. But you wouldn't clap yet, because making something disappear isn't enough. You have to bring it back.
I never got to bat in the major leagues. I'd have liked to have had that chance just once, to stare down a big league pitcher. To stare him down, then just as he goes into his windup, wink. Make him think you know something he doesn't. That's what I wish for.
You don't think I'd sacrifice this one? Let me explain something to you: I would sell Malcolm down the river in a heartbeat to save Reese. Malcolm's gonna be fine no matter what happens. Maybe he'll have to go to junior college or start off blue collar, but he'll work his way up to management eventually. Reese is the one who needs saving.
My name is Percy Jackson. I'm twelve years old. Until a few months ago, I was a boarding student at Yancy Academy, a private school for troubled kids in upstate New York. Am I a troubled kid? Yeah. You could say that.
The second component necessary for expressing ourselves is feelings. By developing a vocabulary of feeling that allows us to clearly and specifically name or identify our emotions, we can connect more easily with one another. Allowing ourselves to be vulnerable by expressing our feelings can help resolve conflicts. NVC (Nonviolent Communication) distinguishes the expression of actual feelings from words and statements that describe thoughts, assessments, and interpretations.
The dews were so heavy that the fields glistened like cloth of silver and there were such heaps of rustling leaves in the hollows of many-stemmed woods to run crisply through. The Birch Path was a canopy of yellow and the ferns were sear and brown all along it.
English factories make the cloth that makes our poverty. All those who wish to make the English see bring me the cloth from Manchester and Leeds that you wear today and we will light a fire that will be seen in Delhi, and in London!
Vowels were something else. He didn't like them and they didn't like him. There were only five of them, but they seemed to be everywhere. Why, you could go through twenty words without bumping into some of the shyer consonants, but it seemed as if you couldn't tiptoe past a syllable without waking up a vowel. Consonants, you know pretty much where you stood, but you could never trust a vowel.
Gentlemen, you can't fight in here! This is the War Room.
Some time ago, before the king of Hyrule unified this country, there was a fierce war in our world. One day, to escape from the fires of the war, a Hylian mother and her baby boy entered this forbidden forest. The mother was gravely injured. Her only choice was to entrust the child to the Deku Tree, the guardian spirit of the forest. The Deku Tree could sense that this was a child of destiny, whose fate would affect the entire world, so he took him into the forest. After the mother passed away, the baby was raised as a Kokiri. And now, finally, the day of Destiny has come!
Well, it just so happens, this hacienda comes with its very own private beach. And this private beach just so happens to look particularly beautiful bathed in moonlight. And there just so happens to be a full moon out tonight.
Many people limit themselves to leading boring, dull lives by accepting the judgement of others that they are of low intelligence. This is not so. Just because one does not process sensory information and replay it the same way as everyone else does not mean that there is a lack of comprehension or interest.
What really counted was the possibility of escape, a leap of freedom, out of the implacable ritual, a wild run for it that would give whatever chance for hope there was. Of course, hope meant being cut down on some street corner, as you ran like mad, by a random bullet. But when I really thought it through, nothing was going to allow me such a luxury. Everything was against it; I would just be caught up in the machinery again.
Ergonomics is a term that combines the Greek word ergon, meaning "work," and the English word economics. Simply stated, it is "the study and management of the relationship between the worker and the environment."
Do the Wall Street shuffle. Hear the money rustle. Watch the greenbacks tumble. Feel the Sterling crumble.
In most cases, there is more to be gained by maximising the performance of the driver than tricking out the car. The most important factor is the driver, the ultimate control system of a race car.
The wine list looks so imposing that you finally give up labouring over it. You hand it back to the server and say, "I'll just have a glass of white wine." Smart move or big mistake? We'd say, "Mistake."
At night I'm driving in your car, pretending that we'll leave this town. We're watching all the streetlights fade. And now you're just a stranger's dream, I took your picture from my frame. And now you're nothing like you seem, your shadow fell like last night's rain.
Dictionaries are designed to appear authoritative. They're thick, sturdy, and precise, with pages of explanatory material and complex notational schemes that create an aura of august finality. People refer to "the dictionary" as if there were just one, divinely inspired, like the Bible, and passed down through the ages.
An eye for an eye only ends up making the whole world blind.
The first part of the Rite, which ends with the sweat-inducing crescendo of "Dance of the Earth", is viscerally exciting, even celebratory. Part II is grittier, swaying between languor and violence.
Well - it's just that you seem to be labouring under the delusion that I am going to - what is the phrase? - come quietly. I am afraid I am not going to come quietly at all, Cornelius. I have absolutely no intention of being sent to Azkaban. I could break out, of course - but what a waste of time, and frankly, I can think of a whole host of things I would rather be doing.
The whole fury and might of the enemy must very soon be turned on us. Hitler knows that he will have to break us in this Island or lose the war. If we can stand up to him, all Europe may be free and the life of the world may move forward into broad, sunlit uplands. But if we fail, then the whole world, including the United States, including all that we have known and cared for, will sink into the abyss of a new Dark Age made more sinister, and perhaps more protracted, by the lights of perverted science. Let us therefore brace ourselves to our duties, and so bear ourselves that, if the British Empire and its Commonwealth last for a thousand years, men will still say, "This was their finest hour."
Most people overestimate what they can achieve in a day and underestimate what they can do in a year. What about five years? Forget about it. Why? Because they lack an appreciation for process, a vacuum that gets displaced with indolence, indifference, and idleness - ultimately undermining the fortitude required to sustain vision and purpose.
Just give me all the bacon and eggs you have. Wait, wait, I'm worried what you just heard was "Give me a lot of bacon and eggs." What I said was "Give me all the bacon and eggs you have." Do you understand?
I have felt as bleak as I've felt since puberty, and have filled almost three Mead notebooks trying to figure out whether it was Them or Just Me.
Remembering you running soft through the night. You were bigger and brighter and whiter than snow. And screamed at the make-believe, screamed at the sky, and you finally found all your courage to let it all go.
Kepler's laws, although not rigidly true, are sufficiently near to the truth to have led to the discovery of the law of attraction of the bodies of the solar system. The deviation from complete accuracy is due to the facts, that the planets are not of inappreciable mass, that, in consequence, they disturb each other's orbits about the Sun, and, by their action on the Sun itself, cause the periodic time of each to be shorter than if the Sun were a fixed body, in the subduplicate ratio of the mass of the Sun to the sum of the masses of the Sun and Planet; these errors are appreciable although very small, since the mass of the largest of the planets, Jupiter, is less than 1/1000th of the Sun's mass.
In general, many of these targets are easier marks if you are wearing the correct uniform. You should always have one suit or fashionable dress outfit hanging in the closet for the proper heists. Specialised uniforms, such as nun and priest garb, can be most helpful. Cheque out your local uniform store for a wide range of clothes that will get you in, and especially out, of all kinds of stores.
I walked into the store. After the buzzing and booming of the entertainment centre, the hardware store seemed as quiet as the interior of an iceberg. Next to the razor sets, I found nail clippers arrayed like entomological specimens. I picked up the most featureless of the lot and took it over to the register.
My aunt used to live in Paris. I remember, she used to come home and she would tell us storeys about being abroad, and I remember she told us she jumped into the river once. Barefoot. She smiled. Leapt without looking, and tumbled into the seine. The water was freezing, she spent a month sneezing, but said she would do it again.
Maybe he is different but that doesn't mean that he's guilty. But that's what it means when you're different. Nobody trusts you. You're always the first to be blamed. And it's always ALWAYS your fault.
What are we doing here? Why are we fighting like this? I mean, I'm going to steal your guys, you're gonna steal my guys. We'll both wield the heft of our considerable fortunes until each of us have nearly nothing left. Is that really what you want? Me neither. So what do you say we join forces? I'm big enough. Are you, Big Head? Partners?
The label doesn't mention that that rib-eye steak came from a steer born in South Dakota and fattened in a Kansas feedlot on grain grown in Iowa.
She said that she had just joined up as a new recruit. She said they threw her in prison because she refused to take part in the rebellion. I gave her the key. Looks like she managed to break out of here though. I hope she's okay.
Fifteen years ago, there was a war. Well, war's broken out plenty of times before. They've tried to invade the southlands through the northern valley time and time again. Luck was never on their side, though, and their victories didn't last long. They didn't realise that times had changed. Facing one defeat after another, losing territory and watching their nation dwindle, they built up their industrial strength to unprecedented heights and used it to wage one final battle against the world. That was fifteen years ago...
According to the testimony, the boy looks guilty... maybe he is. I sat there in court for six days listening while the evidence built up. Everybody sounded so positive, you know, I... I began to get a peculiar feeling about this trial. I mean, nothing is that positive. There're a lot of questions I'd have liked to ask. I don't know, maybe they wouldn't have meant anything, but... I began to get the feeling that the defence counsel wasn't conducting a thorough enough cross-examination. I mean, he... he let too many things go by... little things that...
We don't need no education. We don't need no thought control. No dark sarcasm in the classroom - teachers leave them kids alone! All in all it's just another brick in the wall. "If you don't eat yer meat, you can't have any pudding. How can you have any pudding if you don't eat yer meat?"
Baby, ever wondered why I could make you laugh and cry? Eclipsing all your summer skies, some things never change. And I need it more than love, and I love it more than life, and I want those stars above to shine this night.
Hanging by threads of palest silver, I could have stayed that way forever. Bad blood and ghosts wrapped tight around me, nothing could ever seem to touch me. I lose what I love most; did you know I was lost until you found me?
A vision I had in my sleep last night - as distinguished from a dream which is mere sorting and cataloguing of the day's events by the subconscious. This was a vision, fresh and clear as a mountain stream - the mind revealing itself to itself. In my vision, I was on the veranda of a vast estate, a palazzo of some fantastic proportion. There seemed to emanate from it a light from within - this gleaming radiant marble. I had known this place. I had in fact been born and raised there. This was my first return, a reunion with the deepest wellsprings of my being.
Demons do not cry. Are these the tears of a long dead child? Demons do not cry, you became a demon because you couldn't cry anymore right? Humans cry, and when their tears finally run dry; there's nothing left but a demon or a monster. And one final prayer for death. So laugh demon, laugh that arrogant laugh of yours and remember, I beat you to it. So how long will it be then? How long before your no longer cursed to walk the Earth?
I'm just sitting here watching the wheels go round and round. I really love to watch them roll. No longer riding on the merry-go-round, I just had to let it go.
Hey, Mario! We got a letter from Princess Peach! I'll read it to you, OK? All right, let's see... "I'm throwing a party at my castle today! Mario and Luigi, I would be honoured if you both could attend. Many guests from distant towns are hoping to meet you. There will be tasty sweets and all kinds of entertainment! I hope to see you here soon! Sincerely, Peach."
What would you think if I sang out of tune? Would you stand up and walk out on me? Lend me your ears and I'll sing you a song and I'll try not to sing out of key. Oh I get by with a little help from my friends.
My feeling is if you're the CEO of a company and you're dumb enough to leave your login info on a Post-it note on your desk, while the people that you ripped off are physically in your office, it's not a hack. It's barely social engineering. It's more like natural selection.
She didn't know I was in the room, and when I asked her in a quiet, a very quiet voice, with the most restrained manner possible, what she was doing with the paper - she turned around as if she had been caught stealing, and looked quite angry - asked me why I should frighten her so! Then she said that the paper stained everything it touched, that she had found yellow smooches on all my clothes and John's, and she wished we would be more careful!
I put a lot of thought into the Universe; came up with the rules. It sets a bad example if I break them - not to mention, shows favouritism. Why should one person get a miracle, and not everybody else? Can you imagine the confusion? It's better when we all abide by the rules.
Why are we still here? Just to suffer? Every night, I can feel my leg, and my arm, even my fingers. The body I've lost... and the comrades I've lost... It won't stop hurting, like they're all still there... You feel it too, don't you? I'm gonna make 'em give back our past, take back everything that we've lost. And I won't rest... until we do.
Uh, no, there's more. One time I accidentally drank an entire bottle of vinegar. I thought it was terrible wine. Once, I went out with a guy who wore 3D glasses the entire evening. Oh, one time I rode in a sidecar on a guy's motorcycle, and the sidecar detached and went down a flight of stairs. Another time I went to a really boring movie with a guy, and while I was asleep he tried to pull out one of my teeth. I literally woke up with his hand in my mouth. We went out a couple times after that but then he got weird.
The equipment needed for stir-frying, sauteing and braising is minimal. Nonstick skillets and heavy-duty woks are especially helpful in keeping fat use to a minimum. Nylon or wooden utensils allow you to stir food vigorously without scratching the pans. Lids prevent spattering and allow foods like chicken pieces to braise or simmer briefly for thorough cooking.
You didn't just have faith in Paine or any other living man. You had faith in something bigger than that. You had plain, decent, everyday, common rightness, and this country could use some of that. Yeah, so could the whole cockeyed world, a lot of it. Remember the first day you got here? Remember what you said about Mr. Lincoln? You said he was sitting up there, waiting for someone to come along. You were right. He was waiting for a man who could see his job and sail into it, that's what he was waiting for. A man who could tear into the Taylors and root them out into the open. I think he was waiting for you, Jeff. He knows you can do it, so do I.
If what they say is "nothing is forever," then what makes - then what makes - then what makes - then what makes - what makes - what makes love the exception?
I'm a beatbox rocker. And you're dancing to my beat. I'm a beatbox rocker. And you're dancing to my beat. I'm a beatbox rocker. And you're dancing to my beat. I'm a beatbox rocker. And I never sound the same.
I am but mad north-north-west. When the wind is southerly, I know a hawk from a handsaw.
Back beat, the word was on the street that the fire in your heart is out. I'm sure you've heard it all before, but you never really had a doubt.
Translating from one language to another, unless it is from Greek and Latin, the queens of all languages, is like looking at Flemish tapestries from the wrong side, for although the figures are visible, they are covered by threads that obscure them, and cannot be seen with the smoothness and colour of the right side.
Many years ago, a famous Arabian alchemist had visited Europe. It was said that he had discovered the Philosopher's Stone and the Elixir of Life.
The brain can be a tool. But when you can't stop thinking of that math problem or phone number, or when troubling thoughts and memories arise without your intent, it's not your brain working, but your mind wandering. Then the mind controls you.
In the beginning there was only a small amount of injustice abroad in the world, but everyone who came afterwards added their portion, always thinking it was very small and unimportant, and look where we have ended up today.
And letâ€™s also say that change is neither good nor bad - it simply is. It can be greeted with terror or joy; a tantrum that says "I want it the way it was," or a dance that says "Look, something new."
As for me, I am tormented with an everlasting itch for things remote. I love to sail forbidden seas, and land on barbarous coasts.
I didn't wanna spend my twenties as a professional defendant. Who knew the music industry doesn't have a sense of humour? We tried to sell the company to pay the 35 million they said we owed in royalties, but I guess to them that was a little like selling a stolen car to pay for the stolen gas.
I want to leave my footprints in the sands of time. Know there was something that meant something that I left behind. The hearts I have touched will be the proof that I leave that I made a difference and this world will see I was here.
Resistance is usually ascribed to bodies at rest, and impulse to those in motion; but motion and rest, as commonly conceived, are only relatively distinguished; nor are those bodies always truly at rest, which commonly are taken to be so.
Even though the bell has rung, some of my classmates are still milling around on the ground. It's the first week of the second semester of senior year, and already they're acting as if they're almost done and out of here.
Lieutenant Dan got me invested in some kind of fruit company. So then I got a call from him, saying we don't have to worry about money no more. And I said, that's good! One less thing.
It takes something more than intelligence to act intelligently.
The fact is that gossip, rumours, mythmaking, and news storeys are not appropriate vehicles for the communication of nuances of truth, those subtle tonalities that are often the truly crucial elements in a causal chain.
The time has come for man to set himself a goal. The time has come for man to plant the saeed of his highest hope. His soil is still rich enough. But one day this soil will be poor and domesticated, and no tall tree will be able to grow in it.
A glooming peace this morning with it brings. The sun for sorrow will not show its head. Go hence to have more talk of these sad things. Some shall be pardoned and some punished. For never was a storey of more woe than this of Juliet and her Romeo.
There is no room to go away. Momentarily the noises increase. Men are firing about him, and he strains his eyes on the opposite hill to see something to shoot at, and empties his magazine at what looks like a man but may be a tree-trunk, and then stops again and gets sick. Another long period of waiting follows. All the water is gone from his water-bottle; an intolerable thirst is scorching his throat. He does not reload his magazine, and makes up his mind to say that his rifle is jammed, so that he need not go further with any fresh stupid advance that may be ordered. This is no time to care about what any one may think of him, it is just too awful for anything.
Tim and the Princess lounge in the castle garden, laughing together, giving names to the colourful birds. Their mistakes are hidden from each other, tucked away between the folds of time, safe.
That day, for no particular reason, I decided to go for a little run. So I ran to the end of the road. And when I got there, I thought maybe I'd run to the end of town. And when I got there, I thought maybe I'd just run across Greenbow County. And I figured, since I run this far, maybe I'd just run across the great state of Alabama.
You probably think it's just a hamburger. A patty's just a piece of meat but it can have character. See that doughnut hole? Gets 18 patties to the pound instead of 16. Saves me about $40,000 a year. That's serious money, Ron. I plug the hole with lettuce, tomatoes, onions, spices. I cover it with a pickle. They'll never miss a thing.
This pretentious ponderous collection of religious rock psalms is enough to prompt the question, "What day did the Lord create Spinal Tap, and couldn't he have rested on that day too?"
The amount of spent nuclear fuel and plutonium is increasing even today. Listen, have you ever seen a warehouse full of nuclear material? Drums and drums of nuclear waste stacked this high. As far as you can see because there's still no real way to dispose of the stuff.
There are few people whom I really love, and still fewer of whom I think well. The more I see of the world, the more am I dissatisfied with it; and every day confirms my belief of the inconsistency of all human characters, and of the little dependence that can be placed on the appearance of merit or sense.
Horse hockey! I've seen these dodges for 40 years, all the tricks. Knew a private, pretended he was a mare. Carried a colt in his arm for weeks. Another fellow said he was a daisy. Insisted we water him every morning. No, no, Corporal. It ain't gonna go with me. Now you get out of that froufrou and into a uniform. And you stay in uniform. Dismissed!
All the variety, all the charm, all the beauty of life is made up of light and shadow.
Don't say anything. Be dominant. It's all, all about dominance. I saw this monkey show on PBS, if you talk to her first, it's a sign of weakness and she will not pick you to be her mate.
Our world, with its rules of causality, has trained us to be miserly with forgiveness. By forgiving them too readily, we can be badly hurt. But if we've learnt from a mistake and became better for it, shouldn't we be rewarded for the learning, rather than punished for the mistake?
She was probably my age, maybe a couple of inches taller, and a whole lot more athletic looking. With her deep tan and her curly blond hair, she was almost exactly what I thought a stereotypical California girl would look like, except her eyes ruined the image. They were startling grey, like storm clouds; pretty, but intimidating, too, as if she were analysing the best way to take me down in a fight.
The Pied Piper, he thought. He and Katherine had a book of fairy tales when they were little. She had loved it, but he had hated it, because of one illustration that frightened him: the one of the Pied Piper leading the children of Hamelin to their doom. In the picture the children were skipping and laughing and dancing to the piper's tune, but Jonah knew what was going to happen to them. He couldn't stand for them to be so happy when they ought to be scared.
The men in the room suddenly realised that they didn't want to know her better. She was beautiful, but she was beautiful in the way a forest fire was beautiful: something to be admired from a distance, not up close.
In the capital of the Sunbelt South, the quiet revolution of immigration and food continues to upset and redefine the meanings of local, regional, and global identity.
On a dark desert highway, cool wind in my hair, warm smell of colitas rising up through the air. Up ahead in the distance, I saw a shimmering light. My head grew heavy and my sight grew dim. I had to stop for the night.
Over and over again we have tried to find a peaceful way out of the differences between ourselves and those who are now our enemies, but it has been in vain. We have been forced into a conflict, for we are called to meet the challenge of a principle, which, if it were to prevail, would be fatal to any civilised order in the world. Such a principle, stripped of all disguise, is surely the mere primitive doctrine that "might is right."
I'll close my eyes and then I won't see the love you do not feel when you're holding me. Morning will come and I'll do what's right. Just give me till then to give up this fight.
Our mission was called "a successful failure," in that we returned safely but never made it to the moon. In the following months, it was determined that a damaged coil built inside the oxygen tank sparked during our cryo stir and caused the explosion that crippled the Odyssey. It was a minor defect that occurred two years before I was even named the flight's commander.
Microbes (with the notable exception of viruses) have a set of characteristics that are common to all members of the world of living things, the so-called biosphere. Among these characteristics are the ingestion and assimilation of nutrients for growth, the excretion of waste matter, and the abilities to reproduce independently, to adapt to environmental changes, and to react to stimuli.
Every one suspects himself of at least one of the cardinal virtues, and this is mine: I am one of the few honest people that I have ever known.
You just couldn't let me go, could you? This is what happens when an unstoppable force meets an immovable object. You are truly incorruptible, aren't you? Huh? You won't kill me out of some misplaced sense of self-righteousness. And I won't kill you because you're just too much fun. I think you and I are destined to do this forever.
The work force is disgusted, downs tools, and walks. Innocence is injured, experience just talks. Everyone seeks damages and everyone agrees that these are 'classic symptoms of a monetary squeeze'. On ITV and BBC they talk about the curse. Philosophy is useless, theology is worse. History boils over, there's an economics freeze. Sociologists invent words that mean 'Industrial Disease'.
I think about all the people I've loved, now long gone. I think about my beautiful Jan, and how I lost her so many years ago. I think about all of us walking our own Green Mile, each in our own time. But one thought, more than any other, keeps me awake most nights. If he could make a mouse live so long, how much longer do I have? We each owe a death, there are no exceptions, but sometimes, oh God, the Green Mile seems so long.
You don't get to choose if you get hurt in this world, but you do have some say in who hurts you.
Have you ever heard of the bubonic plague, Manuel? It was very popular here at one time. A lot of pedigreed hamsters came over on ships from Siberia.
If there really is a complete unified theory that governs everything, it presumably also determines your actions. But it does so in a way that is impossible to calculate for an organism that is as complicated as a human being. The reason we say that humans have free will is because we can't predict what they will do.
I'm a Barbie girl, in a Barbie world. Life in plastic, it's fantastic. You can brush my hair, dress me everywhere. Imagination, life is your creation. Come on Barbie, let's go party!
I know now that it's over. I knew it then. There would be no way, Michael, no way you could ever forgive me, not with this Sicilian thing that's been going on for 2,000 years.
I will be dying and so will you, and so will everyone here. That's what I want to explore. We're all hurtling towards death, yet here we are for the moment, alive. Each of us knowing we're going to die, each of us secretly believing we won't.
Freeze this moment a little bit longer. Make each sensation a little bit stronger. Experience slips away.
She takes care of herself, she can wait if she wants, she's ahead of her time. Oh, and she never gives out and she never gives in. She just changes her mind.
This gentleman has been standing alone against us. Now, he doesn't say that the boy is not guilty; he just isn't sure. Well, it's not easy to stand alone against the ridicule of others, so he gambled for support... and I gave it to him. I respect his motives. The boy is probably guilty, but - eh, I want to hear more. Right now the vote is 10 to 2...
As the United States assumed greater status as a power in world politics, Americans came to believe that the nation's actions on the world stage should be guided by American political and moral principles.
So back off your rules, back off your jive. 'Cause I'm sick of not living to stay alive. Leave me alone, I'm not asking a lot. I just don't want to be controlled...
The darker the night, the brighter the stars, the deeper the grief, the closer is God.
Speed is the consort of death, as pleasure is of life. Speed defies sensuality; it short-circuits ardour and shortchanges the palate. Speed is a thirst for life that in its haste keeps spilling the drink.
And I don't want the world to see me 'cause I don't think that they'd understand. When everything's meant to be broken, I just want you to know who I am.
Now that I look back, I don't know why I was so stressed about it all this time. Funny how sometimes you worry a lot about something and it turns out to be nothing.
Life, liberty, and property do not exist because men have made laws. On the contrary, it was the fact that life, liberty, and property existed beforehand that caused men to make laws in the first place.
Today's the first day of the end of your lives.
Perhaps it was an old flame he was in mourning for from the days beyond recall. She thought she understood. She would try to understand him because men were so different.
Language does for intelligence what the wheel does for the feet and the body. It enables them to move from thing to thing with greater ease and speed and ever less involvement.
She may be the beauty or the beast. May be the famine or the feast. May turn each day into a heaven or a hell. She may be the mirror of my dream, a smile reflected in a stream. She may not be what she may seem inside her shell.
I needed something to attract folks from the community. The focus group suggested an aerobics class. It worked, so I added yoga and bingo, and then a few 12-step programmes, and then we opened a soup kitchen, which led to cooking lessons. Before I knew it, I had my own denomination.
Higher and higher he climbed. His strength came from somewhere deep inside himself and also seemed to come from the outside as well. After focusing on Big Thumb for so long, it was as if the rock had absorbed his energy and now acted like a kind of giant magnet pulling him toward it.
In short, our gentleman became so caught up in reading that he spent his nights reading from dusk till dawn and his days reading from sunrise to sunset, and so with too little sleep and too much reading his brains dried up, causing him to lose his mind.
I don't want to sell anything, buy anything, or process anything as a career. I don't want to sell anything bought or processed, or buy anything sold or processed, or process anything sold, bought, or processed, or repair anything sold, bought, or processed. You know, as a career, I don't want to do that.
Everybody knows in their bones that something is eternal, and that something has to do with human beings.
All right. This town must be hot. They don't need a large ad or even correct spelling! Get me two tickets for whatever state Springfield is in!
I think the devil doesn't exist, but man has created him, he has created him in his own image and likeness.
Hank, if you had the power to put companies out of business by just not being a customer, why am I still able to buy mouthwash?
I have already computed the charge of nursing a beggar's child (in which list I reckon all cottagers, labourers, and four-fifths of the farmers) to be about two shillings per annum, rags included; and I believe no gentleman would repine to give ten shillings for the carcass of a good fat child, which, as I have said, will make four dishes of excellent nutritive meat, when he hath only some particular friend or his own family to dine with him. Thus the squire will learn to be a good landlord, and grow popular among his tenants; the mother will have eight shillings net profit, and be fit for work till she produces another child.
I just don't see what purpose is it going to serve your going? I mean, you think dead people care who's at the funeral? They don't even know they're having a funeral. It's not like she's hanging out in the back going, "I can't believe Jerry didn't show up".
Now that I know what I'm without, you can't just leave me. Breathe into me and make me real, bring me to life.
I don't drink, I don't smoke, I don't do drugs. I play video games, which I think is a far superior addiction to any of those other ones.
You're right, I did lose a million dollars last year. I expect to lose a million dollars this year. I expect to lose a million dollars next year. You know, Mr. Thatcher, at the rate of a million dollars a year, I'll have to close this place in 60 years.
You won. All right? You came in and you killed them and you took their land. That's what conquering nations do. It's what Caesar did, and he's not goin' around saying, "I came, I conquered, I felt really bad about it." The history of the world is not people making friends. You had better weapons and you massacred them. End of storey.
Noontime, and I'm still pushing myself along the road, the darkest part into the narrow lanes, I can't stumble or stay put. Someone else is speaking with my mouth, but I'm listening with my heart. I've made shoes for everyone, even you, while I go barefoot.
Without the rifle he had to fit in, to be part of it all, to understand it and use it.
I hope to hell when I do die somebody has sense enough to just dump me in the river or something.
You know, this necklace makes me think of this totally random memory of my mother. I was a little kid, and I was crying for one reason or another. And she was cradling me, rocking me back and forth, and I can just remember the silver balls rolling around.
Listen up, maggots. You are not special. You are not a beautiful or unique snowflake. You're the same decaying organic matter as everything else.
All of these moments just might find their way into my dreams tonight. But I know that they'll be gone when the morning light sings and brings new things.
All at sea again, and now my hurricanes, have brought down this ocean rain, to bathe me again. My ship's a-sail, can you hear its tender frame, screaming from beneath the waves, screaming from beneath the waves?
You've always mistaken your vanity for love. It's your final mistake. Go and kill the only man I ever cared for.
When I was little I like worshipped Halloween. And truthfully, part of me still does. 'Cause it's your one chance all year to be someone else.
Heaven did not seem to be my home; and I broke my heart with weeping to come back to earth; and the angels were so angry that they flung me out into the middle of the heath on the top of Wuthering Heights; where I woke sobbing for joy.
Mr. Chairperson, I'd like to report to the task force on a very esteem-enhancing experience I had recently - a past-life regression! With the help of a regression therapist, I was able to access one of my most fascinating lives - that of a goat herdess in first century Galilee! What was most astonishing about this former life was that my family then was made up entirely of people I know from this life!
An illuminating sunrise lights the sky to show that Earth will hold us each day that goes by.
Lasher, Paul realised, was the only one who hadn't lost touch with reality. He, alone of the four leaders, seemed unshocked by the course of events, undisturbed by them, even, inexplicably, at peace. Paul, perhaps, had been the one most out of touch, having had little time for reflection, having been so eager to join a large, confident organisation with seeming answers to the problems that had made him sorry to be alive.
I can handle this. "Handle" is my middle name. Actually, "handle" is the middle of my first name.
It is not our part to master all the tides of the world, but to do what is in us for the succour of those years wherein we are set, uprooting the evil in the fields that we know, so that those who live after may have clean earth to till. What weather they shall have is not ours to rule.
Keying text quickly is important, but it is more important to be able to make it look professional. Making the text readable involves positioning, style, and size.
Yes, Steve, I can tell you those things because when I said that we weren't releasing any information whatsoever I meant except his name, his address, his ethnicity, and what we think his motives are.
You no good little slimebag! I'm going to make you the second most miserable cab driver in New York City! I'll make sure your windows don't open in the summer, and that the heating doesn't work in the winter! I'll take the headrest off your driver's seat and send you to the most desolate parts of town! The most miserable cab driver in New York is the one that either lets him down... or feeds him!
You know what I'd like to be? A cartoon of some kind. You know, like when they get hit in the head with a frying pan or something, and their head looks like the frying pan, with the handle and everything? Then they just go boing and their head comes back to normal? Wouldn't that be great?
You can take my heart, you can take my breathe. When you pry it from my cold, dead chest. This how we rise up. Heavy as a hurricane, louder than a freight train. This is how we rise up. Heart is beating faster, feels like thunder. Magic, static, call me a fanatic. It's our world, they can never have it. This is how we rise up. It's our resistance, you can't resist us.
A melancholy air can never be the right thing; what you want is a bored air. If you are melancholy, it must be because you want something, there is something in which you have not succeeded. It is showing your inferiority. If you are bored, on the other hand, it is the person who has tried in vain to please you who is inferior.
I've been looking so long at these pictures of you that I almost believe that they're real. I've been living so long with my pictures of you that I almost believe that the pictures are all I can feel.
Last thing I remember, I was running for the door, I had to find the passage back to the place I was before. "Relax," said the night man, "We are programmed to receive. You can cheque out any time you like, but you can never leave."
Pain and suffering are always inevitable for a large intelligence and a deep heart. The really great men must, I think, have great sadness on earth.
Every time you practise a technique incorrectly, you're increasing your chances of doing it wrong again. It's easy to become very experienced at repeating the same mistakes. Practise doesn't make perfect; only perfect practise makes perfect.
Gentlemen: You have undertaken to cheat me. I won't sue you, for the law is too slow. I'll ruin you.
Don't worry. That suit represents the latest advances in polythermal technology. The nuclear weapons disposal facility covers the whole island. I'll contact you by Codec after you reach your target.
We lost something the more we specialised - it started to drain away this vast pool of information that everybody knew. Knowledge was what connected us, and now it distinguishes us.
A beast can never be as cruel as a human being, so artistically, so picturesquely cruel.
You don't like parties? You don't like putting on a silly hat, hiding behind furniture, and generally stripping yourself of every shred of human dignity?
Man, don't tell me how good I was. I just got away with it because I had a hangover. I was too mad to be scared and too sick to worry about it. You know that.
Every environment has its rules and customs, and your survival often depends on knowing them. In Russia, you never refuse vodka; in Pakistan, you always clear your dinner plate; and in prison, you're careful about making eye contact. Too little eye contact, and you become a victim. Too much eye contact, and you become a threat. Either way, you're never more than a couple of blinks away from getting a shiv in your back.
Inadvertently, Roy dooms the entire earth to annihilation when, in an attempt to be friendly, he seizes their leader by the head and shakes vigorously.
We just don't recognise life's most significant moments while they're happening. Back then I thought, "Well, there'll be other days." I didn't realise that that was the only day.
When you're dead, they really fix you up. I hope to hell when I do die somebody has sense enough to just dump me in the river or something. Anything except sticking me in a goddam cemetery. People coming and putting a bunch of flowers on your stomach on Sunday, and all that crap. Who wants flowers when you're dead? Nobody.
Dearest creature in creation studying English pronunciation, I will teach you in my verse. Sounds like corpse, corps, horse and worse. I will keep you, Susy, busy, make your head with heat grow dizzy; tear in eye, your dress you'll tear; queer, fair seer, hear my prayer. Pray, console your loving poet, make my coat look new, dear, sew it! Just compare heart, hear and heard, dies and diet, lord and word. Sword and sward, retain and Britain (Mind the latter how it's written).
Help me if you can, I'm feeling down and I do appreciate you being around. Help me get my feet back on the ground, won't you please, please help me?
Great ambition and conquest without contribution is without significance. What will your contribution be? How will history remember you?
You must love your work, and not be always looking over the edge of it, wanting your play to begin. And the other is, you must not be ashamed of your work, and think it would be more honourable to you to be doing something else.
Soon after arriving, he offended the Icelanders by calling their country inadequate because it had no bowling alleys. He complained about the TV cameras, about the lighting, about the table and chairs, and the contrast of the squares on the board. His hotel room, he said, had too nice a view. None of this has anything to do with chess of course. But maybe it did. If he won, he'd be the first American world champion in history. If he lost, he'd just be another patzer from Brooklyn.
The melted mozzarella layer, which we shall designate MML, is the obvious source of trauma to the roof of the mouth and from the point of view of medical physics is clearly the key agent in the etiology of pizza burn.
There can be a burden in authority, in vigilance, like a father's burden. It was too much for some men. A smart guy who's steady is hard to find. I was alright, better than some, but, you know, I knew how to talk to people, and I was steady. Rust - now, his Texas files were classified or redacted, and he wasn't big on talking except when you wanted him to shut up, but he was smart.
We sometimes encounter people, even perfect strangers, who begin to interest us at first sight, somehow suddenly, all at once, before a word has been spoken.
Yes, run! Yes, a Jedi's strength flows from the Force. But beware of the dark side. Anger, fear, aggression; the dark side of the Force are they. Easily they flow, quick to join you in a fight. If once you start down the dark path, forever will it dominate your destiny, consume you it will, as it did Obi-Wan's apprentice.
Here's the cool part: I will eventually go to Schiaparelli and commandeer the Ares 4 landre. Nobody explicitly gave me permission to do this, and they can't until I'm aboard the Ares 4 and operating the comm system. After I board Ares 4, before talking to NASA, I will take control of a craft in international waters without permission. That makes me a pirate! A space pirate!
Very well. You want to do business with me. I will do business with you.
I don't know where you're going and I don't know why but listen to your heart before you tell him goodbye. Sometimes you wonder if this fight is worthwhile. The precious moments are all lost in the tide.
So, I guess we are who we are for a lot of reasons. And maybe we'll never know most of them.
You sit around here and you spin your little webs and you think the whole world revolves around you and your money. Well, it doesn't, Mr. Potter. In the whole vast configuration of things, I'd say you were nothing but a scurvy little spider!
It's only because of their stupidity that they're able to be so sure of themselves.
To produce a mighty book, you must choose a mighty theme. No great and enduring volume can ever be written on the flea, though many there be who have tried it.
Covert intelligence involves a lot of waiting around. Any meeting, any appointment, you have to show up early, make sure you are not followed, make sure the area is secured, cheque out the other guy's advance team and see how well he is prepared. It's good trade craft, but it's like hanging out in your dentist's reception area 24 hours a day. You read magazines, sip coffee, and every once in a while someone tries to kill you.
My lamp burns low, and I have written far into the night; but the dear presence, without which I were nothing, bears me company.
I did not bow down to you, I bowed down to all the suffering of humanity.
And if I should ever go away, well, then close your eyes and try to feel the way we do today, and then if you can remember, keep smiling, keep shining, knowing you can always count on me for sure. That's what friends are for.
Danger is a topic you're often asked about as a sprinter. The common perception is that the final 200 metres of a Tour stage are the most dangerous and the most frightening. That might be half right, but while it may hold true that the final few seconds of a bike race are fastest and apparently chaotic, at 70 kph and 200 heartbeats per minute, there's simply no time for anxiety. Adrenaline, yes. Instinct, sure. But fear, no.
In a word, I was too cowardly to do what I knew to be right, as I had been too cowardly to avoid doing what I knew to be wrong.
There's an infestation in my mind's imagination. I hope they choke on smoke cause I'm smoking them out the basement. This is not rap, this is not hip-hop, just another attempt to make the voices stop. Rapping to prove nothing, just writing to say something 'cause I wasn't the only one who wasn't rushing to say nothing. This doesn't mean I lost my dream. It's just right now I got a really crazy mind to clean.
Do not try any of this at home. The author of this book is an Internet cartoonist, not a health or safety expert. He likes it when things catch fire or explode, which means he does not have your best interests in mind. The publisher and the author disclaim responsibility for any adverse effects resulting, directly or indirectly, from information contained in this book.
I would've told her that Davis and I never talked much, or even looked at each other, but it didn't matter, because we were looking at the same sky together, which is maybe more intimate than eye contact anyway. Anybody can look at you. It's quite rare to find someone who sees the same world you see.
I get to thinking of all the things you said. You gave a promise to me, and I gave mine to you. I need someone beside me in everything I do.
I do not for one think that the problem was that the band was down. I think that the problem may have been that there was a Stonehenge monument on the stage that was in danger of being crushed by a dwarf. All right? That tended to understate the hugeness of the object.
Oh yes, the past can hurt. But you can either run from it, or learn from it.
It was too big to be called a sword. Massive, thick, heavy, and far too rough. Indeed, it was a heap of raw iron.
Boy, the way Glenn Miller played. Songs that made the hit parade. Guys like us, we had it made. Those were the days. And you knew who you were then, girls were girls and men were men. Mister, we could use a man like Herbert Hoover again. Didn't need no welfare state. Everybody pulled his weight. Gee, our old LaSalle ran great. Those were the days.
Imagine fish swimming in a shallow pond, just below the lily pads, thinking that their "universe" is only two-dimensional. Our three-dimensional world may be beyond their ken. But there is a way in which they can detect the presence of the third dimension. If it rains, they can clearly see the shadows of ripples travelling along the surface of the pond. Similarly, we cannot see the fifth dimension, but ripples in the fifth dimension appear to us as light.
Poppy: You can't imagine what an unrelenting nightmare MIT has become for me... There's no time to eat or sleep or take care of myself. It's just grind it out 24/7! Right now I'm trying to decide which course to fail - that's what it's come to. There's just not enough time to prepare for them all. I don't know how the other kids do it. Most of the time I just sit in my room all depressed, staring out my window at the bleak New England sky... but then a robot scoots by my door and all is good again.
I've been trying to get answers from him. Where does he come from? How does he do what he does? But he dodges everything, literally, with this super-speed power. When he moves, Barry, you don't even see him. He comes and goes in the blink of an eye, in a...
The old man told us to go back to other parts of the yard, but there was no more real work done that afternoon. Stranded in this mill town railroad yard while the whole world was converging elsewhere, we seemed to be nothing but children playing among heroic men.
Now, that's 200 dollars, dead or alive. I'm aware this is probably disconcerting news, but I'm willing to wager this man was elected sheriff sometime in the last 2 years. I know this because 3 years ago, he was rustling cattle from the B.C. Corrigan Cattle Company of Lubbock, Texas. Now this is a warrant, made out by circuit court Judge Henry Allen Laudermilk of Austin Texas. You're encouraged to wire him. He'll back up who I am, and who your dear departed sheriff was. In other words, Marshall, you owe me 200 dollars.
For it was said that they had become like those peculiar demons which dwell in matter, but in which no light may be found.
Most people find that the biggest change they make in their diet when following the pyramid is to eat less meat while increasing vegetables, breads and grains. These changes can also help to reduce the fat in your diet - unless you decide to add fat to these foods.
Every pause in our talk was filled by the sound of deep, loud chanting coming from a tent hard by. Presently I went out to see them at their evening service. A big tent was full of men squatting around, the short twilight was fast darkening into night outside, and the interior of the tent was lit by two candles stuck in the necks of bottles. Except a couple of old men, they were all in the prime of life, and a splendidly strong-looking set of fellows they were. They sang, without any drawl or nasal intonation, straight out from their deep chests.
Mr. Worf, villains who twirl their moustaches are easy to spot. Those who clothe themselves in good deeds are well-camouflaged.
The problem with Microsoft is they just have no taste. They have absolutely no taste, and what that means is, and I don't mean that in a small way, I mean that in a big way.
There is an ancient Indian saying that something lives only as long as the last person who remembers it. My people have come to trust memory over history. Memory, like fire, is radiant and immutable while history serves only those who seek to control it, those who douse the flame of memory in order to put out the dangerous fire of truth. Beware these men for they are dangerous themselves and unwise. Their false history is written in the blood of those who might remember and of those who seek the truth.
Do you ever wait for the longest day of the year and then miss it? I always wait for the longest day of the year and then miss it!
But the law of loving others could not be discovered by reason, because it is unreasonable.
Arthur Jay Klinghoffer, a professor of political science at Rutgers University, has argued that geography seems less relevant than ever in a world where nonstate actors - malleable entities like ethnicities, for example - are as powerful and important as the ones with governments and borders.
Luke, you're going to find that many of the truths we cling to depend greatly on our own point of view. Anakin was a good friend. When I first met him, your father was already a great pilot. But I was amazed how strongly the Force was with him. I took it upon myself to train him as a Jedi. I thought that I could instruct him just as well as Yoda. I was wrong.
What you don't have you don't need it now. What you don't know you can feel it somehow. What you don't have you don't need it now.
All the times that I've cried, keeping all the things I knew inside. And it's hard, but it's harder to ignore it. If they were right I'd agree, but it's them they know, not me. Now there's a way and I know that I have to go away.
Beauty is in the eye of the beholder. Yet there are those who open many eyes. Eyes are the mirror of the soul, someone has said. So we look closely at the eyes to see the nature of the soul. Sometimes when we see the eyes - those horrible times when we see the eyes, eyes that, that have no soul - then we know a darkness, then we wonder: where is the beauty? There is none if the eyes are soulless.
Pacific, Mountain, Central. You lose an hour, you gain an hour. This is your life, and it's ending one minute at a time.
Through error you come to the truth! I am a man because I err! You never reach any truth without making fourteen mistakes and very likely a hundred and fourteen.
Luke Skywalker has returned to his home planet of Tatooine in an attempt to rescue his friend Han Solo from the clutches of the vile gangster Jabba the Hutt. Little does Luke know that the Galactic Empire has begun construction on a new armoured space station even more powerful than the first dreaded Death Star. When completed, this ultimate weapon will spell certain doom for the small band of rebels struggling to restore freedom to the galaxy...
For a time, pink was preferred for boys, because it was "a decided and stronger" colour, a close relative to red, symbolising "zeal and courage." Blue, being "more delicate and dainty," and "symbolic of faith and constancy" was reserved for girls. Only toward the middle of the twentieth century did existing practises become fixed.
Be open to your dreams, people. Embrace that distant shore. Because our mortal journey is over all too soon.
The withered leaves collect at my feet and the wind begins to moan. Memory, all alone in the moonlight. I can dream of the old days, life was beautiful then. I remember the time I knew what happiness was. Let the memory live again.
I have never met anyone so passionate and dedicated to a belief as you. It's so intense that sometimes it's blinding.
In ancient times, hundreds of years before the dawn of history, an ancient race of people... the Druids. No one knows who they were or what they were doing...
Everyone laughed and looked around, surprised to discover that I could speak Bambara, chagrined that I had understood their comments, and amazed at my admission. There was a flurry of activity as people squished themselves as far away as possible. One old man was sceptical and, in my defence, suggested that I couldn't speak Bambara very well and had said something I didn't mean to.
My father is no different than any powerful man, any man with power, like a president or senator.
Life seems to speed up as we get older because life gets less memorable as we get older.
All beauty comes from beautiful blood and a beautiful brain. If the greatnesses are in conjunction in a man or woman it is enough, the fact will prevail through the universe, but the gaggery and gilt of a million years will not prevail. Who troubles himself about his ornaments or fluency is lost.
Slowly I read her note once more then I went over to the house next door. Her tear drops fell like rain that day when I told Joni what I had to say.
He implies there is a correlation between his daily work and the drawings, which leads people to believe he is some type of an architect, but you suspect there is no place for him with even the most incompetent firm.
When you have eaten enough to meet your needs, your digestive system sends a message to your brain. Research suggests that the brain does not receive this satisfaction signal until twenty minutes after you've eaten enough. It seems like a glitch in the system, and over-eating is the obvious consequence. But overweight mammals do not exist in nature because they are soon eaten by predators.
The famous pipe. How people reproached me for it! And yet, could you stuff my pipe? No, it's just a representation, is it not? So if I had written on my picture 'This is a pipe', I'd have been lying!
For centuries, human society has taken the gifts of nature for granted. As civilisations grew, humans spread out across the face of the planet, taking what they needed from the land and producing more and more waste materials with little regard for the future.
Jerry, if you think that by threatening me you can get me to be your slave... Well, that's where you're right. But - and I am only saying this because I care - there are a lot of decaffeinated brands on the market today that are just as tasty as the real thing.
I felt that even when they were polite they hardly saw me, that they would have begged the pardon of Jack the Bear, never glancing his way if the bear happened to be walking along minding his business. It was confusing. I did not know if it was desirable or undesirable.
Whatsoever I've feared has come to life. Whatsoever I've fought off became my life. Just when everyday seemed to greet me with a smile, sunspots have faded and now I'm doing time. Now I'm doing time. 'Cause I fell on black days. I fell on black days. Whomsoever I've cured, I've sickened now. And whomsoever I've cradled, I've put you down. I'm a search light soul they say. But I can't see it in the night. I'm only faking when I get it right. When I get it right. 'Cause I fell on black days. I fell on black days.
Do you know what would happen if I suddenly decided to stop going into work?
If you who own the things people must have could understand this, you might preserve yourself.
During the twenties, when Prohibition was at its height, vast fortunes were made by gangs of criminals who profited from the nation's aggravated thirst by supplying immense quantities of bootleg liquor. Gangster Al Capone was netting a hundred million dollars a year - of which thirty per cent was spent on graft.
If you're ever feeling bored and aimless in a shopping mall, try this experiment. Visit ten children's clothing stores, and each time approach a salesperson saying that you are looking for a present for a newborn. Count how many times you are asked, "Is it a boy or a girl?" You are likely to have a 100 percent hit rate if you try this one spare afternoon.
A myth is a traditional storey that attempts to explain such things as the origin of the world, mysteries of nature, or social customs.
Well, I'm no poet, but I can't be fooled. The lies don't count, the whispers do. I hear the whispers on the wind. They say the earth has fallen due. We run in circles. Our days are numbered. Every night I look away. To the heavens and I pray.
Sometimes we talk all night long, we don't shut up. And when it's late we'll say we're still wide awake so... We love to talk about how you'll come up to visit me. And we'll rent a car and we'll drive upstate.
What she done was wrong and she gotta be punished. For the next two weeks, no out after school. No out at all. If you find yourself having fun at something, stop it. And no delicious foods for three weeks. You only gotta eat the terrible foods that are good for you. And then no TV for a week. And the next week, and this is gonna be tougher: educational TV only.
If I wasn't a key player in this whole conspiracy to brainwash the youth of America with rock music we could totally date!
Parisian French is different from Provincial French and German is spoken a little differently in northern and southern Germany. Sound complicated? Welcome to international business and politics.
Power is in tearing human minds to pieces and putting them together again in new shapes of your own choosing.
I hate all the rules and organisation and teams and ranks in sports. Somebody's always yelling at you, telling you where to be, what to do, and when to do it. I figure when I want THAT, I'll join the army and at least get paid.
There are many ways to get out; surrender is one, losing is another. Winning, cheating, which I don't recommend, but you have to do something. You have to have a strategy. See the number one rule in chess is this; whatever you do, don't play the other person's game. Play your own... Your move.
Our storey begins, as these storeys often do, with a young up-and-coming politician. He's a deeply religious man and a member of the conservative party. He's completely single-minded and has no regard for the political process. The more power he attains, the more obvious his zealotry and the more aggressive his supporters become. Eventually, his party launches a special project in the name of national security. At first, it's believed to be a search for biological weapons and is pursued without regard to its cost. However, the true goal of this project is power. Complete and total hegemonic domination.
Aight, look, I know you're not earning what you expected and you got the twins and Nancy. You're a capable guy - your mother let it slip one time, you got an IQ of 158.
I think people place too much emphasis on their careers. I wish we could all live in the mountains at high altitude. That's where I see myself in five years. How about you?
Studies suggest that the influence of parents is due to two factors: communication and receptivity. Parents communicate their feelings and preferences to children constantly. Because children have such a strong desire for parental approval, they are very receptive to their parents' views.
You know, this is precisely why I loathed being a teacher! Young people are so infernally convinced that they are absolutely right about everything. Has it not occurred to you, my poor puffed-up popinjay that there might be an excellent reason why the headmaster of Hogwarts is not confiding every tiny detail of his plans to you? Have you never paused, while feeling hard-done-by, to note that following Dumbledore's orders has never yet led you into harm?
The day of death is better than the day of birth, a live dog is better than a dead lion, and the grave is better than poverty.
Lean on me when you're not strong and I'll be your friend. I'll help you carry on, for it won't be long till I'm gonna need somebody to lean on.
On the day that you were born the angels got together and decided to create a dream come true. So they sprinkled moon dust in your hair of gold and starlight in your eyes of blue.
Hendricks, get the hoi polloi excited. Have them send protests, letters, wires, anything you like.
"My stomach's full of butterflies!" lamented Doura Diller. Her mother sighed. "That's no surprise, you ate a caterpillar!"
Love is when you look into someone's eyes and suddenly you go all the way inside, to their soul, and you both know instantly. I always imagined I'd fall in love nursing a blind soldier who was wounded in battle. Or maybe while rescuing someone in the middle of a blizzard, seconds before the avalanche hits. I thought at least by the age of fifteen I'd have a love life, but I don't even have a like life!
The automobile brake was not invented until 1895. Before this, someone had to remain in the car at all times, driving in circles until passengers returned from their errands.
Today is the shadow of tomorrow. Today is the present future of yesterday. Yesterday is the shadow of today. The darkness of the past is yesterday. And the light of the past is yesterday. The days of yesterday are all numbered in sum, in the world once, because once upon a time there was a yesterday.
You there, my friend. Come, let me hold you. Now, with a sigh you grow warm in my hand, my friend, my clever friend.
Now the Force is, what gives a Jedi his power. It's an energy field, created by all living things. It surrounds us, it penetrates us, it binds the galaxy together.
I could see why some of the boys took him for snobby. He had a quiet way about him, a walk and a talk that just wasn't normal around here. He strolled, like a man in a park without a care or a worry in the world, like he had on an invisible coat that would shield him from this place. Yeah, I think it would be fair to say... I liked Andy from the start.
For as long as I can remember, I have always found it easier to add and subtract numbers from left to right instead of from right to left. By adding and subtracting numbers this way, I found that I could call out the answers to math problems in class well before my classmates put down their pencils. And I didn't even need a pencil!
Right is right, and wrong is wrong, and a body ain't got no business doing wrong when he ain't ignorant and knows better.
On recovering my senses, I hastened to quit a place where I hoped there was nothing further to detain me. I first filled my pockets with gold, then fastened the strings of the purse round my neck, and concealed it in my bosom.
We may never know who killed Paige. But this isn't about you not going to jail for Paige's murder, this is about you not living a lie. Not hiding. This is about you standing up and being who you are. That's honourable, that's brave, that's heroic, and that's who you are Sully. You're a hero. You fought a war and you were braver than I can ever imagine being. This is just another war - for every gay person who ever wore a uniform. Be brave now.
D'Artagnan stepped forward. 'Before God and men,' he said, 'I charge this woman with having poisoned Constance Bonacieux, who died last night.' He turned to Porthos and Aramis, who said in one voice: 'We bear witness to that.'
The Matrix is everywhere. It is all around us. Even now, in this very room. You can see it when you look out your window, or when you turn on your television.
People's beliefs about their abilities have a profound effect on those abilities. Ability is not a fixed property; there is a huge variability in how you perform. People who have a sense of self-efficacy bounce back from failures; they approach things in terms of how to handle them rather than worrying about what can go wrong.
Vanity and pride are different things, though the words are often used synonymously. A person may be proud without being vain. Pride relates more to our opinion of ourselves, vanity to what we would have others think of us.
It's one thing to know it but another to admit we're the worst band in the world and we don't give a... If Garbo played guitar with Valentino on the drums then we'd be nothing more than a bunch of dharma bums. So tune up, tune up.
Imagine this: Here we are, a plane full of grown human beings, many of us partially educated, and they're actually taking time out to describe the intricate workings of a belt buckle. Well, I ask for clarification at that point. "Did you say 'Place the small metal flap into the buckle' or 'Place the buckle over and around the small metal flap'?
I was born 87 years ago. For 65 years I've ruled as Tamriel's Emperor. But for all these years I have never been the ruler of my own dreams. I have seen the Gates of Oblivion, beyond which no waking eye may see. Behold, in Darkness a Doom sweeps the land. This is the 27th of Last Saeed; the Year of Akatosh 433. These are the closing days of the 3rd Era, and the final hours of my life.
Estella, to the last hour of my life, you cannot choose but remain part of my character, part of the little good in me, part of the evil. But, in this separation I associate you only with the good, and I will faithfully hold you to that always, for you must have done me far more good than harm, let me feel now what sharp distress I may. O God bless you, God forgive you!
Leave my door open just a crack, 'cause I feel like such an insomniac. Why do I tyre of counting sheep, when I'm far too tyred to fall asleep?
Just a cast away an island lost at sea. Another lonely day, no one here but me. More loneliness than any man could bear, rescue me before I fall into despair.